pronoun-0000	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	What ’ s we doing ?
pronoun-0001	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do him prefer ?
pronoun-0002	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	them were showing respect and admiration for me .
pronoun-0003	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .	Maybe it's more exciting not knowing .	I'd rather know and buy all the baby things ahead of time .	There are so many things she have to prepare for .
pronoun-0004	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that she won't get angry .
pronoun-0005	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .	Good . Now she can pick classes by herself .
pronoun-0006	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , they thought that maybe you could go there for lunch today . That is , if it haven't promised to go with someone else .
pronoun-0007	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?	A draft beer please .	OK . Here it are .
pronoun-0008	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .	When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .	My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .	they wouldn't mind having one yourselves ...
pronoun-0009	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	Well , I want Chinese food .	I've gotten chow mein from there before .	we guess i can eat there then .
pronoun-0010	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do them have ?
pronoun-0011	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't him go to cram school last night ?
pronoun-0012	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	It must be interesting to study English .	Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .	Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?	Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces him .
pronoun-0013	Who's it knocking at the door ?	they think it's the postman.Will them go and open the door ?
pronoun-0014	Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?	Much to our regret , I'll have to meet our girlfriend at the airport then .
pronoun-0015	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !	Anything else your want to add ?
pronoun-0016	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding ours good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten them with punishment if this resists the actions her desire .
pronoun-0017	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .	Can I get a quick reply from the sites ?	Yes , usually he takes a short time , but her have to await the choice of the units for a while .
pronoun-0018	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can I help you ?	Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?	OK , here she are .
pronoun-0019	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't you ask them ?
pronoun-0020	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	we don't know what to tell you .
pronoun-0021	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could you ?
pronoun-0022	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !	Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ’ t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ’ t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !	Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !	The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?	Let ’ s do us !
pronoun-0023	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	That's what I'm wondering , too .	they wish you had a chance to see them with your own eyes .
pronoun-0024	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about they one ? It's the latest design .
pronoun-0025	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	Yes , he got he . Thanks .
pronoun-0026	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes you is just not reasonable .
pronoun-0027	Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ?	we know something about your . his company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve its professional skills .
pronoun-0028	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	T112 to Washington please .	May she have us name ?
pronoun-0029	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	they think so . Yes , i get along so well .
pronoun-0030	Hello , are you Chinese ?	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .	What do you think of the local accent here ? Has it been causing you any problems ?	they think it's just a matter of getting used to you .
pronoun-0031	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does we want to divorce ?
pronoun-0032	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are me whispering ?
pronoun-0033	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .	I've heard some friends say when i get the article , it's quite different from what i see on the website advertisement .
pronoun-0034	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	That makes you feel uncomfortable ?	Yeah . it never do that in a public office .
pronoun-0035	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .	How can she do that ?
pronoun-0036	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	Yes , he got you . Thanks .
pronoun-0037	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	they don ’ t think so . you think the government should do everything us can to discourage people from smoking .
pronoun-0038	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .	Yes , Ms . Reese . she remember , her spoke with him . Is there a problem ?
pronoun-0039	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .	Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .	I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .	Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .	That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .	How about a training course ?	A training course ? That must be costly .	But it's worth her . Maybe he can get him into a good mood and also helps him learn something to use for the future .
pronoun-0040	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is her niece ?
pronoun-0041	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?	Do i have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
pronoun-0042	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .	Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?	Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and she can continue .
pronoun-0043	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	Please , just call you Tom .
pronoun-0044	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do them like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?
pronoun-0045	What do you think of Frank ?	we is all right . But they think we seems to have no back bone .
pronoun-0046	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .	Thank me . It's very kind of they .
pronoun-0047	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , she have some painting and some porcelain . Which do she like better ?
pronoun-0048	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . he hope there will be more buyers in the market she year .
pronoun-0049	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	it think the red one fits us well . Can they try us on ?
pronoun-0050	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , i did .
pronoun-0051	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	she have her on highest authority that he traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . he ’ m sure her can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .
pronoun-0052	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could them do us the favor of making we quick ? your ’ s the third quarter and it ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !
pronoun-0053	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	she will ! he ’ ll feed she , bathe him and walk her every day ! he can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !
pronoun-0054	What shall I call him ?	Oh , her may call your Uncle , or Henry .
pronoun-0055	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	he definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch his back . Elvin is still mad about your nose .
pronoun-0056	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . i know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to my head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . i could be related to the organization , but more commonly , you are independent and non-biased .
pronoun-0057	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank you .	These roses should make us wife very happy .
pronoun-0058	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	him are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . she try hard not to be late but he is difficult with Beijing traffic .
pronoun-0059	Who's that ?	Search us .
pronoun-0060	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you'd be interested .	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	Sorry , you didn't think i mattered .
pronoun-0061	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can we get their pictures tomorrow ?
pronoun-0062	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan .	How much would you like to borrow ?	A thousand dollars .	Let him check with a credit manager . A record show her credit reading is quite high . she don't think she have any problems .
pronoun-0063	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do she sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
pronoun-0064	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	we have no idea . Maybe they had a fight with you husband .
pronoun-0065	Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service ?	I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service .	This refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies .	What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account ?	Group companies can use they to make your arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with his subsidiaries .
pronoun-0066	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could he ?
pronoun-0067	What a mess !	Sorry . I'll clean us up .
pronoun-0068	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of it aren't comedies .
pronoun-0069	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can it help we ?
pronoun-0070	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will we make some recommendation ?
pronoun-0071	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can her give him ?
pronoun-0072	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	OK , do you know the title of the book ?	Oh , sorry . I'm always absent-minded . I remember that I've put a note in my pocket .	So , show me the note please .	he can't find i now .
pronoun-0073	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but it might have told your before .
pronoun-0074	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , she don ’ t know ... him ’ s hard to find the right nanny . she have to consider me previous work experience , the responsibilities she give us , and how this interacts with the kids . she would love to have
pronoun-0075	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . she heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , we sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before us was launched into the market .
pronoun-0076	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	No problem ! they have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that we will fit perfectly .
pronoun-0077	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	His grandfather's money is not his .	he can't understand us anyway .
pronoun-0078	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?	My appointment was on Monday .	What time had you chosen ?	It was for 10	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	I would prefer next Thursday .	What time would be best for you ?	I want to come in at 2	he am writing he down for that time . she look forward to seeing her .
pronoun-0079	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .	I've heard some friends say when she get the article , it's quite different from what she see on the website advertisement .
pronoun-0080	guess what ? I've got great news !	what is it ?	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	yes .	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?	yes , but I'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !	do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?	I don't have any with me , but I think I could manage to bring a free copy home for you .	I'm really looking forward to reading his column .
pronoun-0081	Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets	All right .	Here is your ticket .	Thank me .
pronoun-0082	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .	Can I get a quick reply from the sites ?	Yes , usually us takes a short time , but us have to await the choice of the units for a while .
pronoun-0083	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .	We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .	she think he can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
pronoun-0084	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank it so much for it guides , and I'll miss he .
pronoun-0085	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would them like to fly ?
pronoun-0086	I want to give our kitchen the works .	Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good .	No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern .	Why should you run after the fashion ?
pronoun-0087	Have you got any cheaper ones ?	Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days .	That's more reasonable . I'll take he one .
pronoun-0088	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And him ?
pronoun-0089	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	That bad egg , who took the low road since they was a boy .
pronoun-0090	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and their stomach hurts .
pronoun-0091	Next , please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	Yes , I have known of it .	How much do you like to exchange ?	20,000 RIB .	In what denominations ?	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , she am sorry , but he are not authorized to exchange coins because i is low and he do not have enough foreign coins . In i case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .
pronoun-0092	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do you have to do that ?
pronoun-0093	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then I might as well have it done now .	she ’ d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine he prescribe and come back in three days .
pronoun-0094	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	No . Why don't he check out the newspaper ?
pronoun-0095	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .	Great , so what happens now ?	Well , we have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about your .
pronoun-0096	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !	Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , their turn . i has a crooked nose and full lips . you has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , you is also bald !
pronoun-0097	Can you help me plan the office party ?	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	I need help with food .	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	I think it should be casual .	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?	I would prefer Chinese food for this party .	Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?	he think she should hire a live band .
pronoun-0098	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would it like to fly ?
pronoun-0099	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't him tired ?
pronoun-0100	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?	Just look around ? Nah , that ’ s boring .	I'll go by himself then .
pronoun-0101	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	You'll need to make an appointment .	Could I do that right now , please ?	What day would her like her to do the installation ?
pronoun-0102	Nice to see you , Patrick .	Bob ! I hear your team won the match .	Yeah . All of you tried his best .
pronoun-0103	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , we insist . you kept telling your that they would treat you to dinner but we still haven't .
pronoun-0104	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway .	Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible !	What would them suggest ?
pronoun-0105	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	he don't know . he just need to try she once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
pronoun-0106	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and his stomach hurts .
pronoun-0107	You get your bus pass ?	I'm not going to buy one .	You're not ?	I think it's a waste of money .	It actually costs less if you have a bus pass .	How is that ?	him can use him however many times him need to .
pronoun-0108	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could you please tell me when we get there ?	Sure .	By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?	No , a No . 50 will take you right there .	Thank her .
pronoun-0109	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . you could take you or leave we .
pronoun-0110	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is she the one he want ?
pronoun-0111	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .	Yes , Ms . Reese . we remember , you spoke with your . Is there a problem ?
pronoun-0112	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?	Mr . Smith , please .	Sorry , he is out .	What time do you expect you back then ?
pronoun-0113	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	I think someone is stalking me .	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .	What did you do ?	he didn't do anything . Finally , i left.But then she saw it again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . she went into a CD store and pretended he was looking at CD's . But then i came in too .
pronoun-0114	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	he know , that's her problem . What do he think he should do ?
pronoun-0115	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	Whatever things get tough , you gives in .
pronoun-0116	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	they am so glad that you decided to stop by !
pronoun-0117	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would she tell her the name of the book and the author ?
pronoun-0118	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	Hey , Isabelle ...	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .	Yes , I am the guy .	What a bummer ! You set me up ?	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...	How dare you ! ( starts to walk off )	Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !	Why did you lie to me in the email ?	I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .	he should have known she was he . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . he thought he might have found the one for him .
pronoun-0119	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	it ’ re right , sir . we apologize . you ’ ll get those files for me now .
pronoun-0120	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . he try and try and he still can't speak she very well .
pronoun-0121	Hello , are you Chinese ?	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .	What do you think of the local accent here ? Has it been causing you any problems ?	he think it's just a matter of getting used to him .
pronoun-0122	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .	Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .	Of course he will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as us bring in the proof and he assess we , your should be very quick indeed .
pronoun-0123	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that he have on her list .
pronoun-0124	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell us , what do us eat ?
pronoun-0125	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	she can ’ t wait ! she need her help now !
pronoun-0126	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .	You can be sure of that , sir .	Thank them .
pronoun-0127	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is we Tuesday .
pronoun-0128	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	you have no idea . Maybe i had a fight with our husband .
pronoun-0129	Are you finished ?	Yes.May I have some more beer ?	Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal ?	Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so ? I'm glad them enjoyed you .
pronoun-0130	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .	Just make yourselves at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .
pronoun-0131	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	she think so . Yes , she get along so well .
pronoun-0132	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	i are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place it in the folder .
pronoun-0133	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	Yes , in most circumstances .	Are you available for travel ?	Yes , you like travelling . it am young , and unmarried . your ’ s no problem for us to travel frequently .
pronoun-0134	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do them like high heels or flat shoes ?
pronoun-0135	Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?	Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .	I guess I need all of them .	Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .	I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .	Suit herself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock .
pronoun-0136	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . they ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of your other vendors is going out of business and we ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
pronoun-0137	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t	Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?	Yes , he noticed that he have professional training and team-building days . she like the idea of working for a company that invests in his staff .
pronoun-0138	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	That ’ s not going to be all right .	I don ’ t understand why .	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	Why can ’ t I have it back ?	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	You have to give it back to me .	it ’ re not going to get us .
pronoun-0139	Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .	I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .	Does he mean that him have bad news for him ?
pronoun-0140	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do he like high heels or flat shoes ?
pronoun-0141	Is this supply ?	Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?	This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .	All right . No problem . What ’ s me extension ?
pronoun-0142	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	she needed to get out of the house . her parents just went ballistic over something her older sister told her .
pronoun-0143	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	Wait a minute , your mean you met their online ?
pronoun-0144	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , she don't believe her . we is only being with the company for two years .
pronoun-0145	Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets	All right .	Here is your ticket .	Thank her .
pronoun-0146	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	That sounds good . At the moment you spend ages queuing at the post office to pay her bills .
pronoun-0147	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .	Good . Now him can pick classes by himself .
pronoun-0148	I think you're being a little naive .	If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .	That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned .	eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .	$ 200 ? If you get a hold of my credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! you had a friend who ...
pronoun-0149	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does we want to divorce ?
pronoun-0150	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes , her was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
pronoun-0151	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No problem . We'll supply him with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
pronoun-0152	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do she wish to pay for she ?
pronoun-0153	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you having ?	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	Do you have the statement for your card ?	Here it is .	What are the charges we ’ re referring to ?
pronoun-0154	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are i more of a leader or a follower ?
pronoun-0155	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . they usually have their lunch here . The food is tasty and i offer a big variety .
pronoun-0156	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .	Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it .	Well , I'll have it wrapped for you .	Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .	Thank us . Please come again .
pronoun-0157	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at her outfit .
pronoun-0158	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So she don't have to worry about her .
pronoun-0159	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	Yes , please .	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka him up . Which bags are his ?
pronoun-0160	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is you the one me want ?
pronoun-0161	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	anything you need to have in the place ?	I want a bedroom with full bath , and it'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .	you can also check out university bulletin boards .	why ? Will those be students who are leaving ?	not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and she often have low rent .
pronoun-0162	What's his job ?	He used to be a policeman .	But Mrs.Smith hired your to find our lost son .
pronoun-0163	Why not come over to work in my company ?	you need to think me over .
pronoun-0164	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on her card ?
pronoun-0165	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .	Sure . Just leave us to him . I'll finish you .
pronoun-0166	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? he mean , she ’ Ve had his ups and downs , and he have the occasional disagreement , but he ’ re happy together , aren ’ t he ?
pronoun-0167	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , i is two years older than us . i lives in New Zealand so it don't see us that often .
pronoun-0168	... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you ?	Come on , don ’ t be so dramatic ! I ’ m sure everything is going to work out just fine .	You think so ? Oh , no ! How can he do this to me ? I ’ m sure he ’ s cheating on me ! Why else wouldn ’ t he call ?	But , him two are on a break . Theoretically you can do whatever they likes .
pronoun-0169	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't he ?
pronoun-0170	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do he have ?
pronoun-0171	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you would be interested .	me can't be serious . How dare you not tell you your are going to marry your ?
pronoun-0172	guess what ? I've got great news !	what is it ?	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	yes .	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?	yes , but I'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !	do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?	I don't have any with me , but I think I could manage to bring a free copy home for you .	I'm really looking forward to reading her column .
pronoun-0173	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	they don't know what to tell us .
pronoun-0174	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan .	How much would you like to borrow ?	A thousand dollars .	Let us check with a credit manager . A record show him credit reading is quite high . they don't think them have any problems .
pronoun-0175	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for me as the public .
pronoun-0176	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	I don't know what to tell you .	I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
pronoun-0177	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .	Why don't you take a few days off ?	he can't . she am really behind of his work .
pronoun-0178	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do we have ?
pronoun-0179	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .	Good . Now you can pick classes by yourselves .
pronoun-0180	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , he think . he came here by bus , and him took him about 15 minutes .
pronoun-0181	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .	That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .	That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .	I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?	Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that ?	All right . she accept you . So $ 600 for each set .
pronoun-0182	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . her can apply for the job on the Internet and then send us resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
pronoun-0183	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .	Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?	It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach .	Ah , get back to you .
pronoun-0184	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	it were showing respect and admiration for it .
pronoun-0185	How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?	It is 15 minutes ’ drive .	What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?	Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .	Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?	Yes , her company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in i building .
pronoun-0186	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Then I'll see it in the afternoon .
pronoun-0187	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . it usually have her lunch here . The food is tasty and we offer a big variety .
pronoun-0188	Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .	If that happen to them , it ’ ll take you back to the shop .
pronoun-0189	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And , who is sponsoring your trip ?	My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .	Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .	Well , I own a house . actually , I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ’ vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .	And what evidence do we have that your are financially independent ?
pronoun-0190	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . you love Chinese food . What did her order ?
pronoun-0191	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , i have some painting and some porcelain . Which do we like better ?
pronoun-0192	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for us guides , and I'll miss you .
pronoun-0193	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	Sure , they are off Singing Road , close to the bank .
pronoun-0194	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	he don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and she really hate having him clean up after the meal . she can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
pronoun-0195	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?	As a new-comer , me usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember they have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave .
pronoun-0196	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	you ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is we ?
pronoun-0197	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes we is just not reasonable .
pronoun-0198	How do you think they could be ended ?	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share her .
pronoun-0199	We're thinking about going to America .	Have he thought about the cost ?
pronoun-0200	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	That is a wonderful idea .	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	Thank her for his help .
pronoun-0201	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And they did their best to pull out the thorn in me flesh and the boy lost whatever made you happy .
pronoun-0202	How do you think they could be ended ?	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share your .
pronoun-0203	guess what ? I've got great news !	what is it ?	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	yes .	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	are we looking forward to doing more editing work ?
pronoun-0204	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do him prefer ?
pronoun-0205	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either our career is going downhill , or you has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , they must be the latter .
pronoun-0206	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for them as the public .
pronoun-0207	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . his wife bought he for her yesterday . Hmm , she look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits she really well .
pronoun-0208	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't they tired ?
pronoun-0209	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	With pleasure .	they appreciate the building so much . we am wondering if you could take a picture of you against the building .
pronoun-0210	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .	For shipment , them know he are producing a complete set of equipment for she and your won't all be finished at one time . So would him allow her to make partial shipments .
pronoun-0211	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	Oh ! Thank he very much . she heard that he are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?
pronoun-0212	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?	My appointment was on Monday .	What time had you chosen ?	It was for 10	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	I would prefer next Thursday .	What time would be best for you ?	I want to come in at 2	she am writing her down for that time . he look forward to seeing him .
pronoun-0213	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on she ?
pronoun-0214	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .	Yes , sir . he apologize for that . Here ’ s the file he were looking for , Mr . Emory .
pronoun-0215	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .	What do you like about him ?	He is very intelligent .	You think so ?	That ’ s right . Plus , you agree with ours policies .
pronoun-0216	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , we is two years older than your . you lives in New Zealand so we don't see your that often .
pronoun-0217	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .	You're kidding !	No . And then I often go Rollerblading .	Wow ! How often do him exercise like that ?
pronoun-0218	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , her know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now he am in a good shape and he know more about how to keep fit .
pronoun-0219	What kind of place shall we rent ?	you should be close to the university . Neither of him are good at getting up in the mornings and closer you is , the later she can get up .
pronoun-0220	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?	Pots and pans are right over there .	Oh , thank you .	Could I interest you in our store credit card ?	No , thanks . I already have credit cards .	But our credit card saves you 10 percent .	That's a nice discount .	Here . Let me give you an application form .	Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .	Okay . Enjoy their browsing .
pronoun-0221	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight ?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?	this are checking in . May you have our ticket and them health certificate and him luggage please .
pronoun-0222	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	he are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t them ?
pronoun-0223	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on her card ?
pronoun-0224	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let them look . Yes , you says it's a pet-friendly building .
pronoun-0225	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , they have some painting and some porcelain . Which do me like better ?
pronoun-0226	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , you didn't . And this ? Was your good ?
pronoun-0227	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .	Where were us ?
pronoun-0228	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	What's we trying to pull anyway .
pronoun-0229	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do she usually write about ?
pronoun-0230	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	No . Why don't him check out the newspaper ?
pronoun-0231	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes , them was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
pronoun-0232	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not you . you have to have their TV and watch whatever comes on .
pronoun-0233	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said you couldn't put up with Tom , for you fell in love with another woman .
pronoun-0234	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	you don't know . you just need to try your once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
pronoun-0235	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for her . she feel it's bad for kids to watch .
pronoun-0236	Nice to see you , Patrick .	Bob ! I hear your team won the match .	Yeah . All of you tried her best .
pronoun-0237	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	She lives in San Francisco .	How long has she lived there ?	I think she's lived there for about 10 years .	That's a long time . Where did we live before that ?
pronoun-0238	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	Yes . you must remain in bed for another two days . it can get up for about two hours each day , but him must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams she evening ?
pronoun-0239	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .	Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it .	Well , I'll have it wrapped for you .	Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .	Thank her . Please come again .
pronoun-0240	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	Hello . you would like to speak to us director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .
pronoun-0241	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would you tell your something about her family ?
pronoun-0242	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	she was three all .
pronoun-0243	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank she so much for his guides , and I'll miss her .
pronoun-0244	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	well , your friends and you are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do us want to come with you ?
pronoun-0245	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can this give us ?
pronoun-0246	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game .	Oh . Well , your can't be helped .
pronoun-0247	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would him like to fly ?
pronoun-0248	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . my guess is as good as hers .
pronoun-0249	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?	Just look around ? Nah , that ’ s boring .	I'll go by himself then .
pronoun-0250	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	We're sorry that you has happened , and we guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
pronoun-0251	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	anything he need to have in the place ?
pronoun-0252	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?	A draft beer please .	OK . Here her are .
pronoun-0253	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	he have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to her ?
pronoun-0254	We are approaching the top of the mountain .	What a beautiful view you have here .
pronoun-0255	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does you want to divorce ?
pronoun-0256	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did she just start happening , or has him been going on for a while ?
pronoun-0257	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
pronoun-0258	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .	Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it .	Well , I'll have it wrapped for you .	Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .	Thank she . Please come again .
pronoun-0259	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank me so much for my guides , and I'll miss her .
pronoun-0260	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do it have to do that ?
pronoun-0261	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .	Thank him . It's very kind of him .
pronoun-0262	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?	Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .	Honey , if us don't want to go to cram school , he should tell them the reason why .
pronoun-0263	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not them . you have to have your TV and watch whatever comes on .
pronoun-0264	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !	Oh , her precious game . she watch the same game every year , and each year her beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
pronoun-0265	Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now .	Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .	Are it staying at the Hilton ?
pronoun-0266	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	But they seems to be very happy with Rose .
pronoun-0267	Who's that ?	Search her .
pronoun-0268	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do her mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
pronoun-0269	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	Yes , stones .	well , he can ’ t just imagine her .
pronoun-0270	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .	What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .	I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .	you are . The only reason i didn't disqualify me until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
pronoun-0271	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .	Yes , your too . But I'm disappointed .
pronoun-0272	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .	All right . I'll tell it when we comes back .
pronoun-0273	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	Turn to the next window and she will help she find one .
pronoun-0274	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And , who is sponsoring your trip ?	My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .	Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .	Well , I own a house . actually , I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ’ vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .	And what evidence do it have that them are financially independent ?
pronoun-0275	Why not come over to work in my company ?	I need to think it over .	Tell them what your need .
pronoun-0276	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , they is a bold design . People will believe they can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . them just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
pronoun-0277	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are i ?
pronoun-0278	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into their mind when you heard the shout earthquake !
pronoun-0279	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have he ever read she book before ?
pronoun-0280	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .	You can be sure of that , sir .	Thank him .
pronoun-0281	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	That bad egg , who took the low road since they was a boy .
pronoun-0282	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	he am afraid that he forgot to send her in .
pronoun-0283	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at him outfit .
pronoun-0284	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of her Chinese colleagues just share my personal stories in front of others .
pronoun-0285	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how you see you .
pronoun-0286	What can I do for you today ?	I would like to use a computer .	Do you have your library card ?	I sure do .	There is a wait for the computers .	That ’ s all right .	You need to print your name on this list .	Okay . Now what ?	Once a computer is available , I will let you know .	How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?	All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .	That ’ s your ? Thank us very much .
pronoun-0287	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is you very interesting ?
pronoun-0288	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .	Sure . Here is your receipt .	How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?	me can refund your in 7 days and exchange you in one year .
pronoun-0289	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , she don't believe me . i is only being with the company for two years .
pronoun-0290	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did we break-in occur ?
pronoun-0291	Excuse me . Where is the way out ?	Well , that's what I'm looking for himself .
pronoun-0292	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do i sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
pronoun-0293	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	our unit price is 100 dollars higher than you want . Well , it suggest you meet each other halfway .
pronoun-0294	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?	As a new-comer , her usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember he have to fill out a request form , if he want to ask for leave .
pronoun-0295	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	Yes , stones .	well , we can ’ t just imagine you .
pronoun-0296	Have you got any experience in advertising ?	Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .	Do i have any practical experience as a secretary ?
pronoun-0297	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !	Actually , uh , I made it myself ...	You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...	Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy him food , and ring the service button if he need anything else !
pronoun-0298	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	he ’ re right , sir . she apologize . she ’ ll get those files for her now .
pronoun-0299	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , you don't believe they . we is only being with the company for two years .
pronoun-0300	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . you try and try and they still can't speak me very well .
pronoun-0301	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . theirs is a fixed price shop and they can assure this we is the best price she can get for a mural like you .
pronoun-0302	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .	So wearing a scarf helps her body to stay warm inside her jacket .
pronoun-0303	What time does the train for Tibet leave ?	It will leave at 3:00 p . m .	When does us arrive ?
pronoun-0304	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .	If boys grow up with computer games , she will surely become bad .
pronoun-0305	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .	Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?	Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and you can continue .
pronoun-0306	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Thank her . it appreciate the compliment .
pronoun-0307	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .	Yeah , i probably should.How much is normal ?
pronoun-0308	Excuse me sir . May I come in ?	Mike , you're late again .	I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I	Do you think I believe the story like that ?	But it's true .	How can believe i if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
pronoun-0309	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But it think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps our with us study .
pronoun-0310	This house is not looking all that great from here	You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside .	I don ’ t think that it is looking any better inside here .	I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .	It is just too dark in here with so few windows .	I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out .	The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ’ t have any storage space .	The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .	How many dogs live in she house ?
pronoun-0311	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	What ’ s we doing ?
pronoun-0312	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .	Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .	It doesn't matter . It happens to everyone .	Sorry again for bothering her .
pronoun-0313	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . she will be open to the public and he anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
pronoun-0314	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . he can apply for the job on the Internet and then send his resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
pronoun-0315	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could them please tell us when they get there ?
pronoun-0316	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . she think the main point is economic growth . he need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in her own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , he will give the economy a boost .
pronoun-0317	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	That is a wonderful idea .	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	Thank it for your help .
pronoun-0318	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can he give us ?
pronoun-0319	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	That makes you feel uncomfortable ?	Yeah . he never do that in a public office .
pronoun-0320	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can we speak me ?
pronoun-0321	Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .	I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .	Does you mean that your have bad news for your ?
pronoun-0322	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	they needed to get out of the house . your parents just went ballistic over something their older sister told him .
pronoun-0323	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	That ’ s not going to be all right .	I don ’ t understand why .	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	Why can ’ t I have it back ?	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	You have to give it back to me .	he ’ re not going to get him .
pronoun-0324	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	Which do you prefer ?	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?	You can take an antihistamine .	Thank it so much for all of the information .
pronoun-0325	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .	Sure . Here is your receipt .	How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?	him can refund her in 7 days and exchange he in one year .
pronoun-0326	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !	Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , your turn . they has a crooked nose and full lips . we has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , they is also bald !
pronoun-0327	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is your ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
pronoun-0328	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? it mean , it ’ Ve had their ups and downs , and they have the occasional disagreement , but she ’ re happy together , aren ’ t they ?
pronoun-0329	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	Yes , please .	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka you up . Which bags are hers ?
pronoun-0330	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?	That's true . Well , how much do they think they should get ?
pronoun-0331	Did you already take the history exam ?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .	What about Abraham Lincoln ? Did you get any questions about him ?	I only had 1 question about him . But you might get more . I dont know if he will have the same exam or not .	Hopefully you will use the same exam , cause Im going to spend most of her time studying the civil war . him is a huge section and that is what we lectured the most on in class .
pronoun-0332	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't we ?
pronoun-0333	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .	What did he say ?	He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .	we shouldn't drive theirs car . they should come here by bus .
pronoun-0334	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	she think the red one fits him well . Can he try him on ?
pronoun-0335	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	we are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . she try hard not to be late but me is difficult with Beijing traffic .
pronoun-0336	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are him whispering ?
pronoun-0337	How's the bride-to-be ?	Tired and stressed . they wedding is giving us a headache .
pronoun-0338	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So he don't have to worry about him .
pronoun-0339	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .	I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .	No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how him want the money ?
pronoun-0340	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . we try and try and we still can't speak them very well .
pronoun-0341	What kind of place shall we rent ?	him should be close to the university . Neither of him are good at getting up in the mornings and closer him is , the later he can get up .
pronoun-0342	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	he forgot all of about him , didn't he ?
pronoun-0343	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can he give your ?
pronoun-0344	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet he , Mr . Cooper .
pronoun-0345	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all you fuss and enjoy the show .
pronoun-0346	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for you . she feel it's bad for kids to watch .
pronoun-0347	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Then I'll see her in the afternoon .
pronoun-0348	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how us see you .
pronoun-0349	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , i all started when her brother challenged your to quit smoking .
pronoun-0350	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . i really was very kind of we to invite it . he hope i hasn't been too much trouble .
pronoun-0351	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .	Thank him .
pronoun-0352	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	we need to stay home tonight and finish their term paper .
pronoun-0353	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	he see.Oh , she know what he wanted to ask.How much should she tip she guy ?
pronoun-0354	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	Good news . Ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .	Then their entire job could be done by telecommuting .
pronoun-0355	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	That sounds good . At the moment he spend ages queuing at the post office to pay his bills .
pronoun-0356	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you would be interested .	her can't be serious . How dare him not tell her he are going to marry our ?
pronoun-0357	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , you know and it like you very much . you will take us .
pronoun-0358	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do they want ?
pronoun-0359	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	him are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t him ?
pronoun-0360	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	it ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s your return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
pronoun-0361	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . us can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
pronoun-0362	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do him have ?
pronoun-0363	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did he break-in occur ?
pronoun-0364	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	I think so . Yes , they get along so well .	you like them . He's good for their .
pronoun-0365	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are her excited about ?
pronoun-0366	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !	What's up , Robert ?	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !	Slow down . What are you talking about ?
pronoun-0367	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	them have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to it ?
pronoun-0368	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . her know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to her head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . he could be related to the organization , but more commonly , she are independent and non-biased .
pronoun-0369	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Thank he .
pronoun-0370	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is your a long ride to Beijing Library ?
pronoun-0371	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but she might have told them before .
pronoun-0372	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .	All right . I'll tell us when we comes back .
pronoun-0373	Who's it knocking at the door ?	he think it's the postman.Will him go and open the door ?
pronoun-0374	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?
pronoun-0375	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .	Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .	I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .	Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .	That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .	How about a training course ?	A training course ? That must be costly .	But it's worth i . Maybe i can get you into a good mood and also helps him learn something to use for the future .
pronoun-0376	Excuse me sir . May I come in ?	Mike , you're late again .	I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I	Do you think I believe the story like that ?	But it's true .	How can believe we if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
pronoun-0377	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . he could take she or leave her .
pronoun-0378	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about you car . Hey , Akimbo , we wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
pronoun-0379	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .	Maybe it's more exciting not knowing .	I'd rather know and buy all the baby things ahead of time .	There are so many things your have to prepare for .
pronoun-0380	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	you asked us how long you took him to learn English .
pronoun-0381	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	them ’ re right . i year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s he favourite award category ?
pronoun-0382	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are they ?
pronoun-0383	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .	That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .	That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .	I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?	Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that ?	All right . i accept them . So $ 600 for each set .
pronoun-0384	What a mess !	Sorry . I'll clean us up .
pronoun-0385	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
pronoun-0386	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	him are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . we try hard not to be late but them is difficult with Beijing traffic .
pronoun-0387	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	How does the bank bill our customers for credit card charges ?
pronoun-0388	Is this supply ?	Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?	This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .	All right . No problem . What ’ s me extension ?
pronoun-0389	Good afternoon.British Airline.Is there any thing I can do for you ?	Can I make a reservation for flight FW58 to San Marino ?	Sure . When do i want to take the plane ?
pronoun-0390	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . she ’ ll give me until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , them ’ ll have to re-do your .
pronoun-0391	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	Yeah . he just got here a couple of days ago . How about him ?
pronoun-0392	What shall I call him ?	Oh , it may call you Uncle , or Henry .
pronoun-0393	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	With pleasure .	they appreciate the building so much . he am wondering if me could take a picture of them against the building .
pronoun-0394	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have your ever tried you ? Or are this just going to believe the sales lady ?
pronoun-0395	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , you didn't . And she ? Was us good ?
pronoun-0396	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	Well , if you just take a look here , see , with its chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and my savings account has a higher interest rate , but they must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
pronoun-0397	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	she are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t him ?
pronoun-0398	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .	Do them know where it classes are ?
pronoun-0399	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would her like to fly ?
pronoun-0400	Have you got your invitation yet ?	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	The house warming party .	Whose house warming party is it ?	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .	It's out in the suburbs .	Have you seen the house ?	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .	Is it nice ?	Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .	There's also a garden .	Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet ?	you are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and you should have all your furniture in the house tonight .
pronoun-0401	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	What other important buildings are he going to see on Fifth Avenue ?
pronoun-0402	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !	Oh , my precious game . he watch the same game every year , and each year their beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
pronoun-0403	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that they won't get angry .
pronoun-0404	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank him so much for him guides , and I'll miss her .
pronoun-0405	Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ?	he know something about you . your company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve her professional skills .
pronoun-0406	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute .	Do you want me to show you where I found them ?	he would like that . Thank we .
pronoun-0407	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	she were showing respect and admiration for her .
pronoun-0408	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at his outfit .
pronoun-0409	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	But i seems to be very happy with Rose .
pronoun-0410	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .	Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?	How old are your children ?	I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .	I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .	him sounds marvelous . Thank he for his help .
pronoun-0411	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?	Things are going well for us , Joe .
pronoun-0412	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is me very interesting ?
pronoun-0413	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	With pleasure .	he appreciate the building so much . he am wondering if her could take a picture of him against the building .
pronoun-0414	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?	That would be very nice . Thank she .
pronoun-0415	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	Just a moment . you will do me right now .
pronoun-0416	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	Yeah , that's why he can enjoy herself in her .
pronoun-0417	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And we ?
pronoun-0418	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could you ?
pronoun-0419	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could you ?
pronoun-0420	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	she am so glad that him decided to stop by !
pronoun-0421	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .	I'm with you . What do you have in mind ?	I haven't been to the Mall in a long time . Let's go there .	That sounds good . They have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie .	Great . I'll stop by his place now .
pronoun-0422	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .	Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .	I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .	Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .	That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .	How about a training course ?	A training course ? That must be costly .	But it's worth us . Maybe we can get him into a good mood and also helps her learn something to use for the future .
pronoun-0423	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	anything it need to have in the place ?
pronoun-0424	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can your tell us ?
pronoun-0425	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when he were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
pronoun-0426	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is this good news or bad news ?	It's exciting news ! If she find a second solar system , he might find a second earth !
pronoun-0427	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Thank he . she appreciate the compliment .
pronoun-0428	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do it prefer ?
pronoun-0429	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is this good news or bad news ?	It's exciting news ! If you find a second solar system , you might find a second earth !
pronoun-0430	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . it ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of their other vendors is going out of business and he ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
pronoun-0431	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?	Yes , is that you , Allen ?	Yes , how are you doing ?	Not bad .	Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening.Would you like to come with me ?	Sure.Thank you very much .	Then we ' ll pick him up at six thirty.OK ?
pronoun-0432	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?	Yes . When can I get them back ?	Well , if you are collected right now , him can get him back tonight .
pronoun-0433	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . she prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before he pay for you , especially for clothes and shoes .
pronoun-0434	Why not come over to work in my company ?	I need to think it over .	Tell her what he need .
pronoun-0435	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?	Pots and pans are right over there .	Oh , thank you .	Could I interest you in our store credit card ?	No , thanks . I already have credit cards .	But our credit card saves you 10 percent .	That's a nice discount .	Here . Let me give you an application form .	Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .	Okay . Enjoy us browsing .
pronoun-0436	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means they will get hotter .
pronoun-0437	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . yours is a fixed price shop and you can assure it we is the best price they can get for a mural like we .
pronoun-0438	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	he were showing respect and admiration for her .
pronoun-0439	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !	Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , her turn . we has a crooked nose and full lips . you has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , this is also bald !
pronoun-0440	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	well , her friends and she are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do she want to come with her ?
pronoun-0441	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is he Tuesday .
pronoun-0442	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are she ?
pronoun-0443	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	you asked us how long they took them to learn English .
pronoun-0444	Did you already take the history exam ?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .	What about Abraham Lincoln ? Did you get any questions about him ?	I only had 1 question about him . But you might get more . I dont know if he will have the same exam or not .	Hopefully i will use the same exam , cause Im going to spend most of her time studying the civil war . i is a huge section and that is what you lectured the most on in class .
pronoun-0445	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , I ’ m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .	Yes that ’ s right . I ’ Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ’ m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .	Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?	Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .	What did that involve ?	Providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . he found her really fulfilling to be part of that group .
pronoun-0446	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is her domicile place ?
pronoun-0447	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . we will be open to the public and you anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
pronoun-0448	What time does the train for Tibet leave ?	It will leave at 3:00 p . m .	When does we arrive ?
pronoun-0449	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	we was three all .
pronoun-0450	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are us going ?
pronoun-0451	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are she going ?
pronoun-0452	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .	Do i know where our classes are ?
pronoun-0453	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will he make some recommendation ?
pronoun-0454	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Then I'll see they in the afternoon .
pronoun-0455	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .	Where were her ?
pronoun-0456	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	Wait a minute , she mean him met your online ?
pronoun-0457	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could she ?
pronoun-0458	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do her like high heels or flat shoes ?
pronoun-0459	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	What am I suppose to do ?	I think you ’ ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ’ ll be sure if you get more rest .	Thank it , doctor . they ’ ll do what her say .
pronoun-0460	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do you want ?	I have no idea .	Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?	Sure , what kind do they like ?
pronoun-0461	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .	But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't him say ?
pronoun-0462	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep us voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now they need to see Vince .
pronoun-0463	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of theirs taught them you really fun game . we ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and we guess who them is !
pronoun-0464	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so sure ?	they knows a lot about law and they ’ s eloquent , too .
pronoun-0465	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . we ’ ll understand he .
pronoun-0466	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So they don't have to worry about it .
pronoun-0467	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make she thin crust .
pronoun-0468	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	Whatever things get tough , we gives in .
pronoun-0469	Are you finished ?	Yes.May I have some more beer ?	Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal ?	Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so ? I'm glad him enjoyed he .
pronoun-0470	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for him as the public .
pronoun-0471	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	That is a wonderful idea .	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	Thank them for it help .
pronoun-0472	Is this a photo of your family ?	Yes , they is.It was taken just before they was leaving for college .
pronoun-0473	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into her mind when it heard the shout earthquake !
pronoun-0474	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?	Do him have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
pronoun-0475	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	Which do you prefer ?	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?	You can take an antihistamine .	Thank he so much for all of the information .
pronoun-0476	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with us ?
pronoun-0477	Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .	If that happen to him , she ’ ll take her back to the shop .
pronoun-0478	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .	Yes , him too . But I'm disappointed .
pronoun-0479	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank she so much for them guides , and I'll miss it .
pronoun-0480	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	it think so . Yes , we get along so well .
pronoun-0481	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	You're a very good player	Not really , but once I won a prize .	So did they . it won a prize last week but you was a prize for beginners .
pronoun-0482	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	it can e-mail my application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in my database .
pronoun-0483	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how her see her .
pronoun-0484	Do you take a bus to and from work ?	Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .	Hmm . he have the same problem . When she leave work , me ’ s always rush hour . So the buses are always crowded .
pronoun-0485	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for his management .
pronoun-0486	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . she could take i or leave i .
pronoun-0487	Where are you going ?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	What's wrong with her .	She is expecting .	Congratulations to you .	Thank her .
pronoun-0488	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do us sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
pronoun-0489	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight ?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?	you are checking in . May he have me ticket and it health certificate and it luggage please .
pronoun-0490	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t	Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?	Yes , they noticed that they have professional training and team-building days . it like the idea of working for a company that invests in your staff .
pronoun-0491	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	What kind of deal ?	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .	You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?	I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .	If her give him cash , do her care if he don't fix the car ?
pronoun-0492	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is your a long ride to Beijing Library ?
pronoun-0493	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is we anything like American football ?
pronoun-0494	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .	It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?	That is the best one it have seen . you am sure your target customers , young people will love i .
pronoun-0495	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan .	How much would you like to borrow ?	A thousand dollars .	Let it check with a credit manager . A record show my credit reading is quite high . you don't think me have any problems .
pronoun-0496	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	What other important buildings are he going to see on Fifth Avenue ?
pronoun-0497	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	him forgot all of about your , didn't him ?
pronoun-0498	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .	Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .	An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .	Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?	I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .	Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .	It's very kind of we to say so . How about changing another one for he ?
pronoun-0499	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	she know , that's your problem . What do me think it should do ?
pronoun-0500	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	they have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?
pronoun-0501	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do them usually write about ?
pronoun-0502	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	That sounds good . At the moment he spend ages queuing at the post office to pay his bills .
pronoun-0503	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can me speak your ?
pronoun-0504	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?	Mr . Smith , please .	Sorry , he is out .	What time do him expect you back then ?
pronoun-0505	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .	alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .	that's better . she way she will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , him would probably have to walk .
pronoun-0506	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	T112 to Washington please .	May they have our name ?
pronoun-0507	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !	Anything else me want to add ?
pronoun-0508	Why not come over to work in my company ?	they need to think you over .
pronoun-0509	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , it may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .
pronoun-0510	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	Please , just call your Tom .
pronoun-0511	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	you don ’ t think so . they think the government should do everything i can to discourage people from smoking .
pronoun-0512	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink ? :	Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .	Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .	Thank you .
pronoun-0513	Who's it knocking at the door ?	you think it's the postman.Will i go and open the door ?
pronoun-0514	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could you ?
pronoun-0515	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	His grandfather's money is not his .	we can't understand your anyway .
pronoun-0516	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by " us " ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?	Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .	Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?	Back to live with his parents . That's something else he used to do before he were married . Remember ?
pronoun-0517	Do you want some dessert ?	No , thank you . Check , please .	Wait a moment . you will calculate you for we . us bill comes to $ 36 .
pronoun-0518	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't she tired ?
pronoun-0519	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !	What's up , Robert ?	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !	Slow down . What are me talking about ?
pronoun-0520	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !	Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ’ t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ’ t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !	Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !	The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?	Let ’ s do i !
pronoun-0521	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . she love Chinese food . What did him order ?
pronoun-0522	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And they ?
pronoun-0523	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do we like us best ?
pronoun-0524	Next , please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	Yes , I have known of it .	How much do you like to exchange ?	20,000 RIB .	In what denominations ?	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , she am sorry , but he are not authorized to exchange coins because her is low and he do not have enough foreign coins . In he case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .
pronoun-0525	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , she may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .
pronoun-0526	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	your means that you will arrive on the same day .
pronoun-0527	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . she think the main point is economic growth . you need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in your own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , we will give the economy a boost .
pronoun-0528	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	we know , that's our problem . What do they think they should do ?
pronoun-0529	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No problem . We'll supply him with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
pronoun-0530	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .	Sounds good , although , do she think she can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when he comes to money .
pronoun-0531	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do he want to do ?
pronoun-0532	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . them will be open to the public and she anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
pronoun-0533	Have you got any cheaper ones ?	Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days .	That's more reasonable . I'll take we one .
pronoun-0534	guess what ? I've got great news !	what is it ?	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	yes .	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	are her looking forward to doing more editing work ?
pronoun-0535	Do you speak English ?	Yes , a little .	Can i tell you how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?
pronoun-0536	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . he must wait until maturity before she cash her .
pronoun-0537	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	No problem ! she have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that him will fit perfectly .
pronoun-0538	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .	Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?	I do , that ’ s why you should appreciate this gift !	Sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .	How about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .	That ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?	Here you go.On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ’ s on special offer today .	I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?	Let me look . Let ’ s see ... they ’ Ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . Here you are .	you is perfect ! What do you think ?
pronoun-0539	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute .	Do me want it to show we where they found me ?
pronoun-0540	Have you seen our new packing specifications ?	Yes , he have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack her two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
pronoun-0541	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by " us " ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?	Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .	Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?	Back to live with their parents . That's something else you used to do before she were married . Remember ?
pronoun-0542	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	we means that it will arrive on the same day .
pronoun-0543	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	Well , I want Chinese food .	I've gotten chow mein from there before .	he guess they can eat there then .
pronoun-0544	Do you take a bus to and from work ?	Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .	Hmm . we have the same problem . When they leave work , you ’ s always rush hour . So the buses are always crowded .
pronoun-0545	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would it tell you the name of the book and the author ?
pronoun-0546	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	First it must check in at Counter No . 4 .
pronoun-0547	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .	You can be sure of that , sir .	Thank it .
pronoun-0548	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !	Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ’ t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ’ t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !	Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !	The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?	Let ’ s do he !
pronoun-0549	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	Whatever things get tough , i gives in .
pronoun-0550	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , he thought that maybe she could go there for lunch today . That is , if he haven't promised to go with someone else .
pronoun-0551	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank you .	These roses should make his wife very happy .
pronoun-0552	Have you got any experience in advertising ?	Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .	Do this have any practical experience as a secretary ?
pronoun-0553	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , we didn't . And they ? Was we good ?
pronoun-0554	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	she can e-mail her application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in his database .
pronoun-0555	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , he is a bold design . People will believe they can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . her just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
pronoun-0556	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?	Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless .	What about the performance themselves ?
pronoun-0557	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then I might as well have it done now .	them ’ d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine they prescribe and come back in three days .
pronoun-0558	What's his job ?	He used to be a policeman .	But Mrs.Smith hired me to find our lost son .
pronoun-0559	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do your have a table for four , please ?
pronoun-0560	How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?	It is 15 minutes ’ drive .	What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?	Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .	Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?	Yes , her company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in she building .
pronoun-0561	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	Yeah , that's why you can enjoy ourselves in them .
pronoun-0562	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?	Pots and pans are right over there .	Oh , thank you .	Could I interest you in our store credit card ?	No , thanks . I already have credit cards .	But our credit card saves you 10 percent .	That's a nice discount .	Here . Let me give you an application form .	Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .	Okay . Enjoy her browsing .
pronoun-0563	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is her niece ?
pronoun-0564	What kind of place shall we rent ?	them should be close to the university . Neither of you are good at getting up in the mornings and closer you is , the later this can get up .
pronoun-0565	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .	Yes . Very wonderful .	There is a snowman over there .	How lovely him is !
pronoun-0566	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .	Sure . Here is your receipt .	How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?	we can refund we in 7 days and exchange they in one year .
pronoun-0567	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you would be interested .	them can't be serious . How dare i not tell them she are going to marry you ?
pronoun-0568	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	That ’ s not going to be all right .	I don ’ t understand why .	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	Why can ’ t I have it back ?	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	You have to give it back to me .	you ’ re not going to get them .
pronoun-0569	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but your has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
pronoun-0570	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding yours good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten us with punishment if you resists the actions i desire .
pronoun-0571	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , he can still do some window shopping , can't it ?
pronoun-0572	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with his new job ?
pronoun-0573	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	Yes . i must remain in bed for another two days . you can get up for about two hours each day , but her must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams you evening ?
pronoun-0574	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .	For shipment , he know he are producing a complete set of equipment for her and her won't all be finished at one time . So would her allow her to make partial shipments .
pronoun-0575	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about her ?
pronoun-0576	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .	You are right . But what if an avalanche happened ?	she are all great skiers and very experienced . So she suppose the chance for her to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
pronoun-0577	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . our guess is as good as yours .
pronoun-0578	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Thank we .
pronoun-0579	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise her ’ ll just have to wait for hours .
pronoun-0580	Where do you want to go ?	I'm going to the hospital .	Get in . I'll take you .	About how much will it cost ?	It will cost you $ 10 .	By the way , what's the time ?	them can see the time on the meter . you have radio time , us know .
pronoun-0581	Nice to see you , Patrick .	Bob ! I hear your team won the match .	Yeah . All of her tried her best .
pronoun-0582	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .	Thank they .
pronoun-0583	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	Well , if him just take a look here , see , with his chequing account , she can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and her savings account has a higher interest rate , but she must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
pronoun-0584	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , they think . you came here by bus , and you took them about 15 minutes .
pronoun-0585	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is you . Thank we anyway .
pronoun-0586	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . they hope there will be more buyers in the market you year .
pronoun-0587	I want to buy a black suit .	Certainty.Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?	I prefer single breasted suit .	What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .	That looks great . Do he have ties here ?
pronoun-0588	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !	What's up , Robert ?	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !	Slow down . What are him talking about ?
pronoun-0589	We're thinking about going to America .	Have your thought about the cost ?
pronoun-0590	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can you do anything about you ?
pronoun-0591	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do he mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
pronoun-0592	I think you're being a little naive .	If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .	That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned .	eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .	$ 200 ? If she get a hold of her credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! he had a friend who ...
pronoun-0593	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So you don't have to worry about you .
pronoun-0594	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into his mind when she heard the shout earthquake !
pronoun-0595	Have you got any cheaper ones ?	Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days .	That's more reasonable . I'll take we one .
pronoun-0596	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	I don't know what to tell you .	I'm going to have to write he a ticket .
pronoun-0597	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are he only including her management team in he affair ? Or will he be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
pronoun-0598	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .
pronoun-0599	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can i do anything about them ?
pronoun-0600	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	Good news . Ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .	Then my entire job could be done by telecommuting .
pronoun-0601	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .	Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .	It doesn't matter . It happens to everyone .	Sorry again for bothering you .
pronoun-0602	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time we suspect back me ?
pronoun-0603	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	Yeah . you just got here a couple of days ago . How about we ?
pronoun-0604	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , me know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now they am in a good shape and he know more about how to keep fit .
pronoun-0605	Hello , are you Chinese ?	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .	What do you think of the local accent here ? Has it been causing you any problems ?	you think it's just a matter of getting used to you .
pronoun-0606	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell her , what do her eat ?
pronoun-0607	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , she see . Do her advise her to buy one ?
pronoun-0608	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	I think so . Yes , they get along so well .	she like it . He's good for our .
pronoun-0609	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	i can touch you only between the shoulder and the knees .
pronoun-0610	I'm dreadfully sorry for you .	Thank it very much for her kindness .
pronoun-0611	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .	Hold on a minute , please .	Thank you .	I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .	Would you bring the message to my room .	I'm afraid he have nobody available at the moment .
pronoun-0612	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . he might as well ask it to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . her ’ s really annoying !
pronoun-0613	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	The first place him should go is the International Center .
pronoun-0614	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with us new job ?
pronoun-0615	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let us look . Yes , your says it's a pet-friendly building .
pronoun-0616	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	All superstitious nonsense ! they would still like to go to one and see what we or we has to say , just for kicks .
pronoun-0617	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	him know , now that he think about her , he really don't have much more to say to he at all !
pronoun-0618	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	I'm afraid he can't agree with her on that . it like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .
pronoun-0619	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that she have on her list .
pronoun-0620	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , she can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
pronoun-0621	Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?	Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .	I guess I need all of them .	Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .	I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .	Suit herself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock .
pronoun-0622	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of their Chinese colleagues just share my personal stories in front of others .
pronoun-0623	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on your ?
pronoun-0624	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	they see.Oh , you know what you wanted to ask.How much should you tip you guy ?
pronoun-0625	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . it love Chinese food . What did us order ?
pronoun-0626	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .	Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?	I do , that ’ s why you should appreciate this gift !	Sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .	How about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .	That ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?	Here you go.On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ’ s on special offer today .	I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?	Let me look . Let ’ s see ... they ’ Ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . Here you are .	you is perfect ! What do he think ?
pronoun-0627	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	she ’ re right . she year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s he favourite award category ?
pronoun-0628	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . your must wait until maturity before he cash you .
pronoun-0629	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .	What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .	I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .	he are . The only reason i didn't disqualify you until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
pronoun-0630	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is we good news or bad news ?
pronoun-0631	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?	Things are going well for your , Joe .
pronoun-0632	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at him outfit .
pronoun-0633	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .
pronoun-0634	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	Will me have us later ?
pronoun-0635	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could you please tell me when we get there ?	Sure .	By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?	No , a No . 50 will take you right there .	Thank them .
pronoun-0636	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , you borrowed we .
pronoun-0637	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about our car . Hey , Akimbo , it wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
pronoun-0638	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .	Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .	Of course this will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as we bring in the proof and it assess them , you should be very quick indeed .
pronoun-0639	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could she do him the favor of making he quick ? her ’ s the third quarter and he ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !
pronoun-0640	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	We're sorry that you has happened , and she guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
pronoun-0641	Can you help me plan the office party ?	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	I need help with food .	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	I think it should be casual .	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?	I would prefer Chinese food for this party .	Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?	they think he should hire a live band .
pronoun-0642	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of him .
pronoun-0643	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .	I'm with you . What do you have in mind ?	I haven't been to the Mall in a long time . Let's go there .	That sounds good . They have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie .	Great . I'll stop by it place now .
pronoun-0644	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into him bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend we earn . they is because them is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
pronoun-0645	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?
pronoun-0646	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !	Actually , uh , I made it myself ...	You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...	Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy their food , and ring the service button if her need anything else !
pronoun-0647	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down her face .
pronoun-0648	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink ? :	Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .	Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .	Thank she .
pronoun-0649	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of him aren't comedies .
pronoun-0650	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and she choice Paul .
pronoun-0651	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?	Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .	Honey , if she don't want to go to cram school , she should tell him the reason why .
pronoun-0652	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	anything you need to have in the place ?	I want a bedroom with full bath , and it'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .	you can also check out university bulletin boards .	why ? Will those be students who are leaving ?	not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and you often have low rent .
pronoun-0653	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .	I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .	wow ! That ’ s fast ! he don ’ t think you will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
pronoun-0654	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . our guess is as good as hers .
pronoun-0655	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . their wife bought me for us yesterday . Hmm , me look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits him really well .
pronoun-0656	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?	The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?	Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?	They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .	Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .	Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !	They're also good for him digestion ! Would she like some kiwis , too ?
pronoun-0657	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then we might as well have we done now .
pronoun-0658	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is they good news or bad news ?
pronoun-0659	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	OK , do you know the title of the book ?	Oh , sorry . I'm always absent-minded . I remember that I've put a note in my pocket .	So , show me the note please .	he can't find he now .
pronoun-0660	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	That is a wonderful idea .	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	Thank he for her help .
pronoun-0661	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .	Hold on a minute , please .	Thank you .	I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .	Would you bring the message to my room .	I'm afraid he have nobody available at the moment .
pronoun-0662	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , we know and they like them very much . they will take we .
pronoun-0663	guess what ? I've got great news !	what is it ?	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	yes .	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	are it looking forward to doing more editing work ?
pronoun-0664	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do you want ?	I have no idea .	Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?	Sure , what kind do your like ?
pronoun-0665	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .	Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are .	But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?	Sorry , you had been sold out .
pronoun-0666	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . you love Chinese food . What did this order ?
pronoun-0667	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . your know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to her head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . you could be related to the organization , but more commonly , you are independent and non-biased .
pronoun-0668	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .	When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .	My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .	it wouldn't mind having one yourself ...
pronoun-0669	guess what ? I've got great news !	what is it ?	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	yes .	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?	yes , but I'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !	do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?	I don't have any with me , but I think I could manage to bring a free copy home for you .	I'm really looking forward to reading her column .
pronoun-0670	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then she might as well have him done now .
pronoun-0671	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank us .
pronoun-0672	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank she .
pronoun-0673	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	You'll need to make an appointment .	Could I do that right now , please ?	What day would him like you to do the installation ?
pronoun-0674	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	we wonder if it often trade with others on the internet .
pronoun-0675	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't we go to cram school last night ?
pronoun-0676	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank your so much for you guides , and I'll miss you .
pronoun-0677	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is this Tuesday .	Are you serious ?	I ’ m not kidding .	It ’ s a good thing I asked you .	That should ’ Ve been something you knew already .	I couldn ’ t remember .	Whatever . Just make sure us go vote .
pronoun-0678	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why ?	The task is tough .	You'd look before you leap .	Thanks for our concern .
pronoun-0679	You get your bus pass ?	I'm not going to buy one .	You're not ?	I think it's a waste of money .	It actually costs less if you have a bus pass .	How is that ?	he can use we however many times you need to .
pronoun-0680	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	no need . he think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . he would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , him know .
pronoun-0681	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .	Do her know where his classes are ?
pronoun-0682	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do them go hiking often ?
pronoun-0683	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	Yes . they must remain in bed for another two days . you can get up for about two hours each day , but she must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams we evening ?
pronoun-0684	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?	That would be very nice . Thank it .
pronoun-0685	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	OK , do me know the title of the book ?
pronoun-0686	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At our last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . you folded and we made zip .
pronoun-0687	Do you speak English ?	Yes , a little .	Can me tell her how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?
pronoun-0688	All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?	Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .	I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00	That's fine with them . How much time are she going to have to work on you ?
pronoun-0689	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are her going ?
pronoun-0690	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	your was three all .
pronoun-0691	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	Yes , please .	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka her up . Which bags are his ?
pronoun-0692	We are approaching the top of the mountain .	What a beautiful view she have here .
pronoun-0693	Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?	Yes , yes they did . Please come in ! you ’ m so glad you came ! they old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !
pronoun-0694	Good afternoon.British Airline.Is there any thing I can do for you ?	Can I make a reservation for flight FW58 to San Marino ?	Sure . When do it want to take the plane ?
pronoun-0695	Do you speak English ?	Yes , a little .	Can him tell her how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?
pronoun-0696	Have you got your invitation yet ?	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	The house warming party .	Whose house warming party is it ?	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .	It's out in the suburbs .	Have you seen the house ?	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .	Is it nice ?	Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .	There's also a garden .	Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet ?	she are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and he should have all her furniture in the house tonight .
pronoun-0697	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .	For shipment , him know this are producing a complete set of equipment for they and your won't all be finished at one time . So would us allow me to make partial shipments .
pronoun-0698	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	Just a moment . you will do they right now .
pronoun-0699	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could he ?
pronoun-0700	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .	Yes , what do you want to know ?	The information is scanty for you . And can us describe the responsibilities of the position ?
pronoun-0701	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is his niece ?
pronoun-0702	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?	My appointment was on Monday .	What time had you chosen ?	It was for 10	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	I would prefer next Thursday .	What time would be best for you ?	I want to come in at 2	they am writing he down for that time . he look forward to seeing she .
pronoun-0703	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you'd be interested .	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	Sorry , you didn't think you mattered .
pronoun-0704	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do they like your best ?
pronoun-0705	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	What am I suppose to do ?	I think you ’ ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ’ ll be sure if you get more rest .	Thank your , doctor . you ’ ll do what us say .
pronoun-0706	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?	My appointment was on Monday .	What time had you chosen ?	It was for 10	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	I would prefer next Thursday .	What time would be best for you ?	I want to come in at 2	you am writing this down for that time . this look forward to seeing us .
pronoun-0707	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for you . we feel it's bad for kids to watch .
pronoun-0708	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but we looks younger .
pronoun-0709	Is this a photo of your family ?	Yes , i is.It was taken just before she was leaving for college .
pronoun-0710	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	Hey , Isabelle ...	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .	Yes , I am the guy .	What a bummer ! You set me up ?	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...	How dare you ! ( starts to walk off )	Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !	Why did you lie to me in the email ?	I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .	he should have known i was i . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . they thought you might have found the one for us .
pronoun-0711	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .	Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .	It doesn't matter . It happens to everyone .	Sorry again for bothering us .
pronoun-0712	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	Yes , please .	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka her up . Which bags are his ?
pronoun-0713	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . i always tickled your finny bone with mine college stories .
pronoun-0714	Excuse me sir . May I come in ?	Mike , you're late again .	I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I	Do you think I believe the story like that ?	But it's true .	How can believe her if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
pronoun-0715	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you having ?	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	Do you have the statement for your card ?	Here it is .	What are the charges he ’ re referring to ?
pronoun-0716	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that he have on my list .
pronoun-0717	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	we ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is we ?
pronoun-0718	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here her are .
pronoun-0719	Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service ?	I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service .	This refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies .	What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account ?	Group companies can use you to make our arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with my subsidiaries .
pronoun-0720	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did she like best ?
pronoun-0721	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do he like high heels or flat shoes ?
pronoun-0722	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	I'm afraid he can't agree with him on that . she like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .
pronoun-0723	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	he am so glad that they decided to stop by !
pronoun-0724	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when it were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
pronoun-0725	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	It must be interesting to study English .	Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .	Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?	Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces it .
pronoun-0726	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so sure ?	you knows a lot about law and we ’ s eloquent , too .
pronoun-0727	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	he don ’ t think so . she think the government should do everything her can to discourage people from smoking .
pronoun-0728	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .	Good . Now this can pick classes by ourselves .
pronoun-0729	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not her . he have to have her TV and watch whatever comes on .
pronoun-0730	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , she didn't . And her ? Was she good ?
pronoun-0731	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	we think the red one fits your well . Can you try you on ?
pronoun-0732	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And you did your best to pull out the thorn in you flesh and the boy lost whatever made us happy .
pronoun-0733	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell us , what do it eat ?
pronoun-0734	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?	Yes . When can I get them back ?	Well , if you are collected right now , it can get your back tonight .
pronoun-0735	Do you want some dessert ?	No , thank you . Check , please .	Wait a moment . he will calculate he for him . her bill comes to $ 36 .
pronoun-0736	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .	Thanks a lot .	It's your pleasure .
pronoun-0737	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .	That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .	That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .	I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?	Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that ?	All right . he accept she . So $ 600 for each set .
pronoun-0738	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	She lives in San Francisco .	How long has she lived there ?	I think she's lived there for about 10 years .	That's a long time . Where did it live before that ?
pronoun-0739	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank you .	These roses should make him wife very happy .
pronoun-0740	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank him .
pronoun-0741	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	I think so . Yes , they get along so well .	it like your . He's good for me .
pronoun-0742	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	What kind of deal ?	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .	You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?	I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .	If we give them cash , do i care if you don't fix the car ?
pronoun-0743	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of it .
pronoun-0744	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are he only including its management team in we affair ? Or will you be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
pronoun-0745	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	We're sorry that she has happened , and he guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
pronoun-0746	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .	Thank me . It's very kind of he .
pronoun-0747	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could you please tell me when we get there ?	Sure .	By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?	No , a No . 50 will take you right there .	Thank we .
pronoun-0748	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	they don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and they really hate having we clean up after the meal . they can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
pronoun-0749	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	You're a very good player	Not really , but once I won a prize .	So did she . he won a prize last week but her was a prize for beginners .
pronoun-0750	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	Sure , she are off Singing Road , close to the bank .
pronoun-0751	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well i can ’ t just take the money . he have to ask the bank for money . And you ’ m the banker .
pronoun-0752	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't she tired ?
pronoun-0753	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and he choice Paul .
pronoun-0754	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?	Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless .	What about the performance himself ?
pronoun-0755	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	OK , do he know the title of the book ?
pronoun-0756	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would him tell you something about us family ?
pronoun-0757	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do us have ?
pronoun-0758	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	OK , do we know the title of the book ?
pronoun-0759	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either our career is going downhill , or i has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , we must be the latter .
pronoun-0760	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .	Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?	How old are your children ?	I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .	I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .	your sounds marvelous . Thank them for their help .
pronoun-0761	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , he may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .
pronoun-0762	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank him .
pronoun-0763	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .	Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are .	But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?	Sorry , you had been sold out .
pronoun-0764	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , they ’ m pleased to see that us also got a distinction .
pronoun-0765	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are her excited about ?
pronoun-0766	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , she mostly just listen classical music . What about us ?
pronoun-0767	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on your ?
pronoun-0768	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . they hope there will be more buyers in the market we year .
pronoun-0769	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	you are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t they ?
pronoun-0770	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	But Saturday is my birthday .	you think your ’ s important to do now . she can have a birthday party for me when them come out of the hospital .
pronoun-0771	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is he anything like American football ?
pronoun-0772	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .	Just make himself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .
pronoun-0773	Who's that ?	Search you .
pronoun-0774	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by " us " ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?	Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .	Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?	Back to live with our parents . That's something else we used to do before he were married . Remember ?
pronoun-0775	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	she see.Oh , she know what she wanted to ask.How much should he tip we guy ?
pronoun-0776	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . we really was very kind of us to invite your . you hope we hasn't been too much trouble .
pronoun-0777	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	Well , maybe him could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .
pronoun-0778	Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?	Yes , yes they did . Please come in ! they ’ m so glad him came ! i old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !
pronoun-0779	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could she ?
pronoun-0780	What shall I call him ?	Oh , she may call us Uncle , or Henry .
pronoun-0781	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For his age , she would prefer a lighter color .
pronoun-0782	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do he want to do ?
pronoun-0783	How's the bride-to-be ?	Tired and stressed . you wedding is giving us a headache .
pronoun-0784	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .	Why don't you take a few days off ?	it can't . it am really behind of her work .
pronoun-0785	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	Well , if we just take a look here , see , with her chequing account , they can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and your savings account has a higher interest rate , but them must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
pronoun-0786	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	That sounds good . At the moment we spend ages queuing at the post office to pay their bills .
pronoun-0787	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , she think . he came here by bus , and i took her about 15 minutes .
pronoun-0788	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about you ?
pronoun-0789	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So we don't have to worry about you .
pronoun-0790	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is he ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
pronoun-0791	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	you have we on highest authority that you traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . it ’ m sure they can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .
pronoun-0792	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would she like to fly ?
pronoun-0793	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about us ?
pronoun-0794	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	What other important buildings are it going to see on Fifth Avenue ?
pronoun-0795	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would she tell you the name of the book and the author ?
pronoun-0796	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise her ’ ll just have to wait for hours .
pronoun-0797	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	them unit price is 100 dollars higher than he want . Well , you suggest i meet each other halfway .
pronoun-0798	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !	You're looking for a multi though , right ?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh ! You took the guesswork right out of that one .	That's your job ! Is there anything else we can assist you with ?
pronoun-0799	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	That's what I'm wondering , too .	he wish you had a chance to see i with her own eyes .
pronoun-0800	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
pronoun-0801	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?	My appointment was on Monday .	What time had you chosen ?	It was for 10	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	I would prefer next Thursday .	What time would be best for you ?	I want to come in at 2	they am writing her down for that time . he look forward to seeing she .
pronoun-0802	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here this are .
pronoun-0803	Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ?	she know something about him . her company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve his professional skills .
pronoun-0804	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . you might as well ask your to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . your ’ s really annoying !
pronoun-0805	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , them can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
pronoun-0806	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	But Saturday is my birthday .	he think you ’ s important to do now . you can have a birthday party for me when i come out of the hospital .
pronoun-0807	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	her forgot all of about them , didn't i ?
pronoun-0808	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are this whispering ?
pronoun-0809	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	Yeah . she just got here a couple of days ago . How about she ?
pronoun-0810	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . you prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before you pay for them , especially for clothes and shoes .
pronoun-0811	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .	Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?	It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach .	Ah , get back to us .
pronoun-0812	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why ?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	But I want to burn up more calories !	In fact , in order to burn up you fat , they must take we slowly for a longer time .
pronoun-0813	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .	But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't him say ?
pronoun-0814	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is he a long ride to Beijing Library ?
pronoun-0815	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that him won't get angry .
pronoun-0816	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?	That's true . Well , how much do him think she should get ?
pronoun-0817	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	me ’ re right , sir . she apologize . it ’ ll get those files for he now .
pronoun-0818	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would her tell her something about his family ?
pronoun-0819	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , she didn't . And she ? Was she good ?
pronoun-0820	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said they couldn't put up with Tom , for we fell in love with another woman .
pronoun-0821	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . you might as well ask us to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . we ’ s really annoying !
pronoun-0822	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how us see they .
pronoun-0823	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .	How can me do that ?
pronoun-0824	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .	Sounds good , although , do us think it can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when your comes to money .
pronoun-0825	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can he get her pictures tomorrow ?
pronoun-0826	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	he have no idea . Maybe you had a fight with it husband .
pronoun-0827	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	we know , that's their problem . What do they think you should do ?
pronoun-0828	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with him to the vitamin section .
pronoun-0829	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , we is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .
pronoun-0830	I think you're being a little naive .	If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .	That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned .	eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .	$ 200 ? If it get a hold of our credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! they had a friend who ...
pronoun-0831	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	her are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t him ?
pronoun-0832	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give this an aisle seat in the center row . And here is our ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
pronoun-0833	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .	Why don't you take a few days off ?	we can't . you am really behind of their work .
pronoun-0834	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why ?	The task is tough .	You'd look before you leap .	Thanks for him concern .
pronoun-0835	Where do you want to go ?	I'm going to the hospital .	Get in . I'll take you .	About how much will it cost ?	It will cost you $ 10 .	By the way , what's the time ?	her can see the time on the meter . he have radio time , he know .
pronoun-0836	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	Yes , we got you . Thanks .
pronoun-0837	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into their mind when you heard the shout earthquake !
pronoun-0838	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	you have we on highest authority that they traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . they ’ m sure your can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .
pronoun-0839	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	he means that he will arrive on the same day .
pronoun-0840	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time i suspect back me ?
pronoun-0841	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .	Thanks a lot .	It's his pleasure .
pronoun-0842	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here her are .
pronoun-0843	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , us is . Please put your luggage on we scale .
pronoun-0844	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	How does the bank bill their customers for credit card charges ?
pronoun-0845	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	him can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in your database .
pronoun-0846	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then he might as well have i done now .
pronoun-0847	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well we can ’ t just take the money . him have to ask the bank for money . And you ’ m the banker .
pronoun-0848	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	he are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place her in the folder .
pronoun-0849	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of us .
pronoun-0850	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	That makes you feel uncomfortable ?	Yeah . he never do that in a public office .
pronoun-0851	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did you just start happening , or has them been going on for a while ?
pronoun-0852	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did they break-in occur ?
pronoun-0853	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .	Hold on a minute , please .	Thank you .	I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .	Would you bring the message to my room .	I'm afraid it have nobody available at the moment .
pronoun-0854	Excuse me . Where is the way out ?	Well , that's what I'm looking for yourselves .
pronoun-0855	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	it need to stay home tonight and finish their term paper .
pronoun-0856	Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now .	Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .	Are it staying at the Hilton ?
pronoun-0857	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	That's what I'm wondering , too .	he wish she had a chance to see him with his own eyes .
pronoun-0858	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	Which do you prefer ?	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?	You can take an antihistamine .	Thank it so much for all of the information .
pronoun-0859	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	Tell me about it , will you ?	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .	You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?	he went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at their nice tan .
pronoun-0860	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .	Yes , sir . she apologize for that . Here ’ s the file her were looking for , Mr . Emory .
pronoun-0861	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do he have a table for four , please ?
pronoun-0862	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .	Can I get a quick reply from the sites ?	Yes , usually your takes a short time , but she have to await the choice of the units for a while .
pronoun-0863	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	you will ! you ’ ll feed your , bathe us and walk us every day ! you can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !
pronoun-0864	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . we always tickled your finny bone with theirs college stories .
pronoun-0865	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , they insist . they kept telling they that they would treat them to dinner but she still haven't .
pronoun-0866	How are you today ?	Great , thanks .	Can I help you ?	I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .	I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .	Why not ?	You have to make an appointment first .	Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?	Is we Friday okay ?
pronoun-0867	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	Yeah , that's why you can enjoy yourself in i .
pronoun-0868	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank her , Mr . Johnson .
pronoun-0869	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are her more of a leader or a follower ?
pronoun-0870	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . her can apply for the job on the Internet and then send him resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
pronoun-0871	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank she so much for her guides , and I'll miss he .
pronoun-0872	Have you seen our new packing specifications ?	Yes , she have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack you two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
pronoun-0873	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you'd be interested .	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	Sorry , he didn't think he mattered .
pronoun-0874	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	we told us that Peter and i has a quarrel last nigh , and you left i morning , bag and baggage .
pronoun-0875	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , she borrowed she .
pronoun-0876	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	this have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of her company . All of above , it cannot find you .
pronoun-0877	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	But we seems to be very happy with Rose .
pronoun-0878	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And we did your best to pull out the thorn in your flesh and the boy lost whatever made your happy .
pronoun-0879	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , you can still do some window shopping , can't i ?
pronoun-0880	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	you told your that Peter and we has a quarrel last nigh , and we left we morning , bag and baggage .
pronoun-0881	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , you see . Do she advise her to buy one ?
pronoun-0882	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all we fuss and enjoy the show .
pronoun-0883	What shall I call him ?	Oh , her may call us Uncle , or Henry .
pronoun-0884	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	it are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t i ?
pronoun-0885	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how it see we .
pronoun-0886	Have you got any experience in advertising ?	Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .	Do her have any practical experience as a secretary ?
pronoun-0887	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will they make some recommendation ?
pronoun-0888	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . you ’ ll understand us .
pronoun-0889	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , he can still do some window shopping , can't she ?
pronoun-0890	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can she give him ?
pronoun-0891	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with her to the vitamin section .
pronoun-0892	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .	How can your do that ?
pronoun-0893	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .	If you hurry , can he get there in time ?
pronoun-0894	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's your question ?
pronoun-0895	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	Oh ! Thank us very much . you heard that they are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?
pronoun-0896	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	you bought us for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . it didn't know you could get your cheaper somewhere else .
pronoun-0897	Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?	Yes , yes she did . Please come in ! he ’ m so glad him came ! she old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !
pronoun-0898	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time him suspect back her ?
pronoun-0899	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of us aren't comedies .
pronoun-0900	Why not come over to work in my company ?	I need to think it over .	Tell them what them need .
pronoun-0901	Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .	If that happen to your , they ’ ll take you back to the shop .
pronoun-0902	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , she didn't . And us ? Was we good ?
pronoun-0903	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them ?	I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .	Can she help her to translate these sentences into German now ?
pronoun-0904	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .	alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .	that's better . you way this will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .
pronoun-0905	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Thank you .
pronoun-0906	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But mine wife has always waited on me hand and foot .
pronoun-0907	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is us ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
pronoun-0908	Can you help me plan the office party ?	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	I need help with food .	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	I think it should be casual .	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?	I would prefer Chinese food for this party .	Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?	you think he should hire a live band .
pronoun-0909	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can she give her ?
pronoun-0910	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so sure ?	it knows a lot about law and it ’ s eloquent , too .
pronoun-0911	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .	Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?	I do , that ’ s why you should appreciate this gift !	Sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .	How about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .	That ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?	Here you go.On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ’ s on special offer today .	I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?	Let me look . Let ’ s see ... they ’ Ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . Here you are .	he is perfect ! What do she think ?
pronoun-0912	Where do you want to go ?	I'm going to the hospital .	Get in . I'll take you .	About how much will it cost ?	It will cost you $ 10 .	By the way , what's the time ?	him can see the time on the meter . they have radio time , we know .
pronoun-0913	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .	You're kidding !	No . And then I often go Rollerblading .	Wow ! How often do we exercise like that ?
pronoun-0914	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can you help you ?
pronoun-0915	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	Yes , in most circumstances .	Are you available for travel ?	Yes , she like travelling . he am young , and unmarried . he ’ s no problem for her to travel frequently .
pronoun-0916	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't her tired ?
pronoun-0917	How are you today ?	Great , thanks .	Can I help you ?	I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .	I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .	Why not ?	You have to make an appointment first .	Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?	Is he Friday okay ?
pronoun-0918	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , she know and she like he very much . he will take she .
pronoun-0919	I want to give our kitchen the works .	Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good .	No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern .	Why should he run after the fashion ?
pronoun-0920	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game .	Oh . Well , him can't be helped .
pronoun-0921	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .	I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .	No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how me want the money ?
pronoun-0922	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	he know , now that you think about you , it really don't have much more to say to us at all !
pronoun-0923	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	they really like me books . they ’ Ve just finished we one . she read me from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
pronoun-0924	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	they am so glad that her decided to stop by !
pronoun-0925	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at our outfit .
pronoun-0926	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	we really like your books . they ’ Ve just finished they one . you read you from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
pronoun-0927	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	no need . you think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . i would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , me know .
pronoun-0928	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For our age , they would prefer a lighter color .
pronoun-0929	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	That bad egg , who took the low road since i was a boy .
pronoun-0930	Is this a photo of your family ?	Yes , him is.It was taken just before she was leaving for college .
pronoun-0931	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's their question ?
pronoun-0932	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	Yes , in most circumstances .	Are you available for travel ?	Yes , they like travelling . we am young , and unmarried . they ’ s no problem for us to travel frequently .
pronoun-0933	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?	the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .	that's right . Why do you ask ?	well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .	when are you getting married ?	some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .	congratulations ! I had no idea .	thank he . So what do he think ? Would he have a good time ?
pronoun-0934	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?	A draft beer please .	OK . Here he are .
pronoun-0935	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	Tell me about it , will you ?	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .	You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?	he went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at her nice tan .
pronoun-0936	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well he can ’ t just take the money . she have to ask the bank for money . And she ’ m the banker .
pronoun-0937	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !	You're looking for a multi though , right ?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh ! You took the guesswork right out of that one .	That's her job ! Is there anything else you can assist i with ?
pronoun-0938	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't i ?
pronoun-0939	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , this is two years older than him . they lives in New Zealand so he don't see your that often .
pronoun-0940	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for it guides , and I'll miss he .
pronoun-0941	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So you don't have to worry about your .
pronoun-0942	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .	Yes , sir . we apologize for that . Here ’ s the file we were looking for , Mr . Emory .
pronoun-0943	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .	Yes . Very wonderful .	There is a snowman over there .	How lovely i is !
pronoun-0944	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't they ask their ?
pronoun-0945	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give it an aisle seat in the center row . And here is her ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
pronoun-0946	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is me anything like American football ?
pronoun-0947	Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?	Much to her regret , I'll have to meet her girlfriend at the airport then .
pronoun-0948	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .	Sounds good , although , do it think she can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when me comes to money .
pronoun-0949	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of theirs taught it you really fun game . it ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and them guess who us is !
pronoun-0950	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . she heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , she sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before him was launched into the market .
pronoun-0951	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	That sounds good . At the moment we spend ages queuing at the post office to pay your bills .
pronoun-0952	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , he ’ m pleased to see that she also got a distinction .
pronoun-0953	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have us ever read you book before ?
pronoun-0954	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give she an aisle seat in the center row . And here is her ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
pronoun-0955	Next , please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	Yes , I have known of it .	How much do you like to exchange ?	20,000 RIB .	In what denominations ?	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , you am sorry , but he are not authorized to exchange coins because us is low and you do not have enough foreign coins . In they case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .
pronoun-0956	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .	Yes , them too . But I'm disappointed .
pronoun-0957	What shall I call him ?	Oh , i may call your Uncle , or Henry .
pronoun-0958	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	you ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is i ?
pronoun-0959	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	Turn to the next window and you will help i find one .
pronoun-0960	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . them can apply for the job on the Internet and then send our resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
pronoun-0961	Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now .	Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .	Are he staying at the Hilton ?
pronoun-0962	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .	us should try swimming then . we helps we to keep fit .
pronoun-0963	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do you want ?	I have no idea .	Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?	Sure , what kind do him like ?
pronoun-0964	All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?	Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .	I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00	That's fine with her . How much time are she going to have to work on he ?
pronoun-0965	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into her bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend she earn . you is because me is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
pronoun-0966	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . we think the main point is economic growth . it need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in his own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , we will give the economy a boost .
pronoun-0967	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
pronoun-0968	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? we mean , she ’ Ve had his ups and downs , and i have the occasional disagreement , but you ’ re happy together , aren ’ t you ?
pronoun-0969	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them ?	I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .	Can they help it to translate these sentences into German now ?
pronoun-0970	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	you can touch him only between the shoulder and the knees .
pronoun-0971	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .	You are right . But what if an avalanche happened ?	you are all great skiers and very experienced . So you suppose the chance for you to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
pronoun-0972	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is this good news or bad news ?	It's exciting news ! If this find a second solar system , this might find a second earth !
pronoun-0973	Who's it knocking at the door ?	he think it's the postman.Will him go and open the door ?
pronoun-0974	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	I don't know what to tell you .	I'm going to have to write i a ticket .
pronoun-0975	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank you .	These roses should make him wife very happy .
pronoun-0976	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said you couldn't put up with Tom , for they fell in love with another woman .
pronoun-0977	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?	That's true . Well , how much do i think we should get ?
pronoun-0978	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight ?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?	he are checking in . May he have him ticket and him health certificate and her luggage please .
pronoun-0979	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do he have to do that ?
pronoun-0980	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	Hello . you would like to speak to you director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .
pronoun-0981	Where are you going ?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	What's wrong with her .	She is expecting .	Congratulations to you .	Thank it .
pronoun-0982	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall i drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
pronoun-0983	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	we can ’ t wait ! you need his help now !
pronoun-0984	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , us all started when their brother challenged them to quit smoking .
pronoun-0985	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when he were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
pronoun-0986	Have you seen our new packing specifications ?	Yes , we have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack her two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
pronoun-0987	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did he like best ?
pronoun-0988	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could he please tell your when i get there ?
pronoun-0989	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	us ’ re right . you year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s me favourite award category ?
pronoun-0990	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	You're a very good player	Not really , but once I won a prize .	So did you . they won a prize last week but you was a prize for beginners .
pronoun-0991	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	Yeah . you just got here a couple of days ago . How about he ?
pronoun-0992	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	Turn to the next window and i will help him find one .
pronoun-0993	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	We're sorry that we has happened , and they guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
pronoun-0994	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , you is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .
pronoun-0995	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .	We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .	he think it can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
pronoun-0996	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , you see . Do her advise you to buy one ?
pronoun-0997	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	But I can't just slow down .	You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at we . him weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of our size .
pronoun-0998	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . your guess is as good as yours .
pronoun-0999	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	All superstitious nonsense ! he would still like to go to one and see what it or we has to say , just for kicks .
pronoun-1000	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did i like best ?
pronoun-1001	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .	For shipment , i know this are producing a complete set of equipment for you and you won't all be finished at one time . So would we allow your to make partial shipments .
pronoun-1002	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	they will ! they ’ ll feed your , bathe your and walk us every day ! it can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !
pronoun-1003	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .	Sure . Just leave she to him . I'll finish he .
pronoun-1004	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	it have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of our company . All of above , you cannot find me .
pronoun-1005	We're thinking about going to America .	Have they thought about the cost ?
pronoun-1006	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .	Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?	How old are your children ?	I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .	I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .	me sounds marvelous . Thank him for them help .
pronoun-1007	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	What's we trying to pull anyway .
pronoun-1008	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and i choice Paul .
pronoun-1009	Do you want some dessert ?	No , thank you . Check , please .	Wait a moment . they will calculate we for them . it bill comes to $ 36 .
pronoun-1010	How's the bride-to-be ?	Tired and stressed . she wedding is giving him a headache .
pronoun-1011	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , I ’ m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .	Yes that ’ s right . I ’ Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ’ m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .	Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?	Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .	What did that involve ?	Providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . we found they really fulfilling to be part of that group .
pronoun-1012	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . her can apply for the job on the Internet and then send her resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
pronoun-1013	Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .	I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .	Does we mean that him have bad news for him ?
pronoun-1014	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could this ?
pronoun-1015	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Thank she .
pronoun-1016	I want to buy a black suit .	Certainty.Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?	I prefer single breasted suit .	What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .	That looks great . Do i have ties here ?
pronoun-1017	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is his domicile place ?
pronoun-1018	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	she need to stay home tonight and finish his term paper .
pronoun-1019	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .	I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .	wow ! That ’ s fast ! she don ’ t think he will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
pronoun-1020	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but i has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
pronoun-1021	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	he ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s his return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
pronoun-1022	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	It must be interesting to study English .	Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .	Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?	Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces you .
pronoun-1023	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink ? :	Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .	Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .	Thank us .
pronoun-1024	We are approaching the top of the mountain .	What a beautiful view he have here .
pronoun-1025	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . he prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before she pay for him , especially for clothes and shoes .
pronoun-1026	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .	You're kidding !	No . And then I often go Rollerblading .	Wow ! How often do us exercise like that ?
pronoun-1027	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .	I'm with you . What do you have in mind ?	I haven't been to the Mall in a long time . Let's go there .	That sounds good . They have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie .	Great . I'll stop by me place now .
pronoun-1028	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . he really was very kind of her to invite him . she hope she hasn't been too much trouble .
pronoun-1029	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank her .
pronoun-1030	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	she definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch their back . Elvin is still mad about your nose .
pronoun-1031	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?	Yes , is that you , Allen ?	Yes , how are you doing ?	Not bad .	Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening.Would you like to come with me ?	Sure.Thank you very much .	Then he ' ll pick her up at six thirty.OK ?
pronoun-1032	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , he didn't . And she ? Was he good ?
pronoun-1033	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make us thin crust .
pronoun-1034	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .	Thank your .
pronoun-1035	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .	Yes . Very wonderful .	There is a snowman over there .	How lovely us is !
pronoun-1036	What can I do for you today ?	I would like to use a computer .	Do you have your library card ?	I sure do .	There is a wait for the computers .	That ’ s all right .	You need to print your name on this list .	Okay . Now what ?	Once a computer is available , I will let you know .	How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?	All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .	That ’ s them ? Thank you very much .
pronoun-1037	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .	Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21.50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ’ s free !	Perfect . Thank her . Bye ..
pronoun-1038	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on her card ?
pronoun-1039	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank him , Mr . Johnson .
pronoun-1040	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	i can ’ t wait ! it need their help now !
pronoun-1041	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	Please , just call her Tom .
pronoun-1042	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	Will he have she later ?
pronoun-1043	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from he . How are her ?
pronoun-1044	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .	When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .	My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .	she wouldn't mind having one himself ...
pronoun-1045	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	we bought us for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . you didn't know they could get we cheaper somewhere else .
pronoun-1046	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from us . How are he ?
pronoun-1047	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .	Maybe it's more exciting not knowing .	I'd rather know and buy all the baby things ahead of time .	There are so many things they have to prepare for .
pronoun-1048	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !	Actually , uh , I made it myself ...	You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...	Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy their food , and ring the service button if she need anything else !
pronoun-1049	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .	Thanks a lot .	It's her pleasure .
pronoun-1050	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .	But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't her say ?
pronoun-1051	I want to give our kitchen the works .	Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good .	No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern .	Why should it run after the fashion ?
pronoun-1052	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	Well , I want Chinese food .	I've gotten chow mein from there before .	she guess he can eat there then .
pronoun-1053	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . she love Chinese food . What did he order ?
pronoun-1054	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , he ’ m pleased to see that her also got a distinction .
pronoun-1055	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is she . Thank he anyway .
pronoun-1056	Is this a duty-free shop ?	Yes , sir . What can she do for she ?
pronoun-1057	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .	Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?	It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach .	Ah , get back to her .
pronoun-1058	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .	Just make themselves at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .
pronoun-1059	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	Just a moment . he will do him right now .
pronoun-1060	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do her like her best ?
pronoun-1061	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	them are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t we ?
pronoun-1062	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . his is a fixed price shop and she can assure her he is the best price he can get for a mural like she .
pronoun-1063	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . his guess is as good as his .
pronoun-1064	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?	Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .	Honey , if it don't want to go to cram school , it should tell her the reason why .
pronoun-1065	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?	the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .	that's right . Why do you ask ?	well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .	when are you getting married ?	some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .	congratulations ! I had no idea .	thank we . So what do us think ? Would she have a good time ?
pronoun-1066	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . her guess is as good as hers .
pronoun-1067	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .	You are right . But what if an avalanche happened ?	she are all great skiers and very experienced . So we suppose the chance for it to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
pronoun-1068	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for her management .
pronoun-1069	Where are you going ?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	What's wrong with her .	She is expecting .	Congratulations to you .	Thank he .
pronoun-1070	Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?	Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .	I guess I need all of them .	Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .	I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .	Suit ourselves . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock .
pronoun-1071	I want to buy a black suit .	Certainty.Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?	I prefer single breasted suit .	What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .	That looks great . Do you have ties here ?
pronoun-1072	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .	If boys grow up with computer games , he will surely become bad .
pronoun-1073	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	Yes , please .	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka us up . Which bags are hers ?
pronoun-1074	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?	Do she have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
pronoun-1075	Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service ?	I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service .	This refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies .	What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account ?	Group companies can use she to make her arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with her subsidiaries .
pronoun-1076	Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight .	Don't worry . We'll make they back to the camp site before dark .
pronoun-1077	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At our last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . i folded and we made zip .
pronoun-1078	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .	Well , I ’ ll wait .	Would you like something to drink , sir ? Do you prefer coffee or tea ?	Thank you . Coffee , please .	Here him are , Mr . Richard . she is the cream and she is the sugar . If there ’ s anything else he ’ d like , please don ’ t hesitate to tell her .
pronoun-1079	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .	Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .	An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .	Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?	I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .	Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .	It's very kind of he to say so . How about changing another one for us ?
pronoun-1080	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	You'll need to make an appointment .	Could I do that right now , please ?	What day would we like me to do the installation ?
pronoun-1081	Is this supply ?	Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?	This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .	All right . No problem . What ’ s his extension ?
pronoun-1082	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . us guess is as good as yours .
pronoun-1083	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	T112 to Washington please .	May she have him name ?
pronoun-1084	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .	Sure . Just leave us to you . I'll finish you .
pronoun-1085	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about she one ? It's the latest design .
pronoun-1086	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	Tell me about it , will you ?	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .	You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?	it went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at your nice tan .
pronoun-1087	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute .	Do you want me to show you where I found them ?	he would like that . Thank he .
pronoun-1088	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can he do anything about him ?
pronoun-1089	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?	the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .	that's right . Why do you ask ?	well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .	when are you getting married ?	some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .	congratulations ! I had no idea .	thank me . So what do he think ? Would it have a good time ?
pronoun-1090	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .	But not as good as your mother's , right ?	Actually , it's better ...	What ? Are they kidding ?
pronoun-1091	All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?	Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .	I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00	That's fine with your . How much time are it going to have to work on i ?
pronoun-1092	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .	alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .	that's better . you way he will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , they would probably have to walk .
pronoun-1093	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	they am afraid that we forgot to send them in .
pronoun-1094	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .	What do you like about him ?	He is very intelligent .	You think so ?	That ’ s right . Plus , he agree with theirs policies .
pronoun-1095	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	No . Why don't your check out the newspaper ?
pronoun-1096	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .	Well , I ’ ll wait .	Would you like something to drink , sir ? Do you prefer coffee or tea ?	Thank you . Coffee , please .	Here i are , Mr . Richard . we is the cream and i is the sugar . If there ’ s anything else us ’ d like , please don ’ t hesitate to tell your .
pronoun-1097	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let her look . Yes , her says it's a pet-friendly building .
pronoun-1098	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	What ’ s we doing ?
pronoun-1099	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	First her must check in at Counter No . 4 .
pronoun-1100	Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?	Much to their regret , I'll have to meet your girlfriend at the airport then .
pronoun-1101	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did i like best ?
pronoun-1102	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .	Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .	An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .	Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?	I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .	Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .	It's very kind of she to say so . How about changing another one for he ?
pronoun-1103	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how they see them .
pronoun-1104	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank you .	These roses should make your wife very happy .
pronoun-1105	What shall I call him ?	Oh , he may call your Uncle , or Henry .
pronoun-1106	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .	We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .	you think i can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
pronoun-1107	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .	Great , so what happens now ?	Well , she have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about him .
pronoun-1108	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .	Yeah , he probably should.How much is normal ?
pronoun-1109	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	Will he have you later ?
pronoun-1110	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?	Yes , is that you , Allen ?	Yes , how are you doing ?	Not bad .	Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening.Would you like to come with me ?	Sure.Thank you very much .	Then he ' ll pick them up at six thirty.OK ?
pronoun-1111	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	What qualities do i think an advertising planner should have ?
pronoun-1112	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . your guess is as good as yours .
pronoun-1113	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but your has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
pronoun-1114	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	We're sorry that you has happened , and you guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
pronoun-1115	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into her mind when he heard the shout earthquake !
pronoun-1116	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?	Things are going well for him , Joe .
pronoun-1117	Are you finished ?	Yes.May I have some more beer ?	Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal ?	Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so ? I'm glad this enjoyed them .
pronoun-1118	What do you think of Frank ?	they is all right . But they think you seems to have no back bone .
pronoun-1119	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't you ask us ?
pronoun-1120	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	But I can't just slow down .	You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at we . you weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of its size .
pronoun-1121	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	Hey , Isabelle ...	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .	Yes , I am the guy .	What a bummer ! You set me up ?	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...	How dare you ! ( starts to walk off )	Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !	Why did you lie to me in the email ?	I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .	you should have known us was we . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . you thought they might have found the one for them .
pronoun-1122	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can she speak her ?
pronoun-1123	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	it don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and he really hate having me clean up after the meal . it can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
pronoun-1124	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into him bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend he earn . she is because her is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
pronoun-1125	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But he think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps our with your study .
pronoun-1126	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	The first place us should go is the International Center .
pronoun-1127	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how him see she .
pronoun-1128	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .	Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are .	But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?	Sorry , her had been sold out .
pronoun-1129	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are them excited about ?
pronoun-1130	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you having ?	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	Do you have the statement for your card ?	Here it is .	What are the charges them ’ re referring to ?
pronoun-1131	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep us voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now we need to see Vince .
pronoun-1132	Do you take a bus to and from work ?	Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .	Hmm . she have the same problem . When he leave work , her ’ s always rush hour . So the buses are always crowded .
pronoun-1133	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is this Tuesday .	Are you serious ?	I ’ m not kidding .	It ’ s a good thing I asked you .	That should ’ Ve been something you knew already .	I couldn ’ t remember .	Whatever . Just make sure she go vote .
pronoun-1134	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?	The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?	Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?	They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .	Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .	Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !	They're also good for us digestion ! Would it like some kiwis , too ?
pronoun-1135	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At my last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . she folded and this made zip .
pronoun-1136	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes she don't understand them . Then you has to repeat what we said .
pronoun-1137	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes , us was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
pronoun-1138	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . him guess is as good as hers .
pronoun-1139	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is you the one you want ?
pronoun-1140	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding theirs good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten them with punishment if they resists the actions you desire .
pronoun-1141	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about they picture of cranes with pine trees ? them was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
pronoun-1142	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , they don ’ t know ... me ’ s hard to find the right nanny . he have to consider your previous work experience , the responsibilities i give us , and how i interacts with the kids . they would love to have
pronoun-1143	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Thank it . they appreciate the compliment .
pronoun-1144	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?	The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?	Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?	They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .	Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .	Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !	They're also good for your digestion ! Would they like some kiwis , too ?
pronoun-1145	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	Yeah . you just got here a couple of days ago . How about her ?
pronoun-1146	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?	Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless .	What about the performance myself ?
pronoun-1147	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about he picture of cranes with pine trees ? he was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
pronoun-1148	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , him all started when his brother challenged him to quit smoking .
pronoun-1149	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	them means that i will arrive on the same day .
pronoun-1150	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	you have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so he wouldn't have seen her . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
pronoun-1151	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . they ’ ll understand me .
pronoun-1152	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . he usually have her lunch here . The food is tasty and she offer a big variety .
pronoun-1153	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .	Yes , what do you want to know ?	The information is scanty for him . And can he describe the responsibilities of the position ?
pronoun-1154	Excuse me . Where is the way out ?	Well , that's what I'm looking for himself .
pronoun-1155	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	she don't know what to tell him .
pronoun-1156	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute .	Do you want me to show you where I found them ?	they would like that . Thank he .
pronoun-1157	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .	But not as good as your mother's , right ?	Actually , it's better ...	What ? Are she kidding ?
pronoun-1158	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	well , your friends and you are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do they want to come with us ?
pronoun-1159	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but him has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
pronoun-1160	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	What kind of deal ?	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .	You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?	I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .	If it give her cash , do he care if he don't fix the car ?
pronoun-1161	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .	Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21.50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ’ s free !	Perfect . Thank them . Bye ..
pronoun-1162	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet it , Mr . Cooper .
pronoun-1163	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A dozen will be fine .	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	No , thank you .	These roses should make her wife very happy .
pronoun-1164	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .	Great , so what happens now ?	Well , she have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about me .
pronoun-1165	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are she only including her management team in you affair ? Or will you be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
pronoun-1166	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , him is . Please put her luggage on she scale .
pronoun-1167	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For their age , he would prefer a lighter color .
pronoun-1168	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read they book before ?
pronoun-1169	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	she am so glad that him decided to stop by !
pronoun-1170	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , they thought that maybe they could go there for lunch today . That is , if she haven't promised to go with someone else .
pronoun-1171	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	Wait a minute , we mean i met you online ?
pronoun-1172	Who's it knocking at the door ?	we think it's the postman.Will us go and open the door ?
pronoun-1173	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could your do your the favor of making they quick ? you ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !
pronoun-1174	What do you think of Frank ?	you is all right . But he think they seems to have no back bone .
pronoun-1175	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes you is just not reasonable .
pronoun-1176	How do you think they could be ended ?	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share me .
pronoun-1177	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?
pronoun-1178	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	Before she start , let's have a moment of silence for her fallen men .
pronoun-1179	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	Well , maybe your could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .
pronoun-1180	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down it face .
pronoun-1181	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are he ?
pronoun-1182	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .	What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .	I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .	she are . The only reason she didn't disqualify you until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
pronoun-1183	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .	I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .	No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how them want the money ?
pronoun-1184	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	I think someone is stalking me .	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .	What did you do ?	you didn't do anything . Finally , you left.But then we saw your again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . they went into a CD store and pretended we was looking at CD's . But then we came in too .
pronoun-1185	Is this a duty-free shop ?	Yes , sir . What can you do for she ?
pronoun-1186	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	she have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so her wouldn't have seen her . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
pronoun-1187	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .	It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?	That is the best one we have seen . you am sure his target customers , young people will love us .
pronoun-1188	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .	him should try swimming then . he helps her to keep fit .
pronoun-1189	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	they know , now that they think about they , you really don't have much more to say to they at all !
pronoun-1190	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	she wonder if he often trade with others on the internet .
pronoun-1191	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can I help you ?	Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?	OK , here your are .
pronoun-1192	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	anything you need to have in the place ?	I want a bedroom with full bath , and it'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .	you can also check out university bulletin boards .	why ? Will those be students who are leaving ?	not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and he often have low rent .
pronoun-1193	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about i picture of cranes with pine trees ? us was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
pronoun-1194	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . you love Chinese food . What did us order ?
pronoun-1195	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can he help her ?
pronoun-1196	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .	But not as good as your mother's , right ?	Actually , it's better ...	What ? Are your kidding ?
pronoun-1197	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	we were showing respect and admiration for us .
pronoun-1198	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?	My appointment was on Monday .	What time had you chosen ?	It was for 10	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	I would prefer next Thursday .	What time would be best for you ?	I want to come in at 2	they am writing me down for that time . i look forward to seeing we .
pronoun-1199	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all she fuss and enjoy the show .
pronoun-1200	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway .	Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible !	What would she suggest ?
pronoun-1201	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall she drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
pronoun-1202	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?	As a new-comer , she usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember they have to fill out a request form , if them want to ask for leave .
pronoun-1203	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .	All right . I'll tell me when we comes back .
pronoun-1204	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will her make some recommendation ?
pronoun-1205	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for her management .
pronoun-1206	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	you have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so we wouldn't have seen you . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
pronoun-1207	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	your means that she will arrive on the same day .
pronoun-1208	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	she needed to get out of the house . their parents just went ballistic over something their older sister told us .
pronoun-1209	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .	Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?	Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and he can continue .
pronoun-1210	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	Oh ! Thank them very much . she heard that it are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?
pronoun-1211	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	he bought her for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . she didn't know she could get she cheaper somewhere else .
pronoun-1212	How are you today ?	Great , thanks .	Can I help you ?	I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .	I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .	Why not ?	You have to make an appointment first .	Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?	Is we Friday okay ?
pronoun-1213	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But you think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps your with us study .
pronoun-1214	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , he didn't . And we ? Was we good ?
pronoun-1215	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of his taught her he really fun game . he ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and he guess who she is !
pronoun-1216	Is this a duty-free shop ?	Yes , sir . What can they do for it ?
pronoun-1217	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	Just a moment . they will do we right now .
pronoun-1218	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall it drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
pronoun-1219	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	you don't know . we just need to try us once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
pronoun-1220	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , I ’ m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .	Yes that ’ s right . I ’ Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ’ m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .	Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?	Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .	What did that involve ?	Providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . you found me really fulfilling to be part of that group .
pronoun-1221	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank i .
pronoun-1222	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At yours last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . she folded and you made zip .
pronoun-1223	What a mess !	Sorry . I'll clean her up .
pronoun-1224	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into your mind when they heard the shout earthquake !
pronoun-1225	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?	Just look around ? Nah , that ’ s boring .	I'll go by themselves then .
pronoun-1226	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means us will get hotter .
pronoun-1227	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .	If boys grow up with computer games , i will surely become bad .
pronoun-1228	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with him ?
pronoun-1229	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could he please tell her when she get there ?
pronoun-1230	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?
pronoun-1231	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway .	Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible !	What would he suggest ?
pronoun-1232	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would she like to fly ?
pronoun-1233	What time does the train for Tibet leave ?	It will leave at 3:00 p . m .	When does she arrive ?
pronoun-1234	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .	It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?	That is the best one he have seen . she am sure her target customers , young people will love him .
pronoun-1235	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .	Yes , what do you want to know ?	The information is scanty for you . And can they describe the responsibilities of the position ?
pronoun-1236	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	she know , that's her problem . What do him think she should do ?
pronoun-1237	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either our career is going downhill , or this has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , he must be the latter .
pronoun-1238	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	Just a moment . she will do she right now .
pronoun-1239	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .	If you hurry , can they get there in time ?
pronoun-1240	Have you got your invitation yet ?	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	The house warming party .	Whose house warming party is it ?	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .	It's out in the suburbs .	Have you seen the house ?	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .	Is it nice ?	Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .	There's also a garden .	Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet ?	it are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and he should have all his furniture in the house tonight .
pronoun-1241	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	But I can't just slow down .	You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at he . her weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of her size .
pronoun-1242	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	it know , that's your problem . What do us think you should do ?
pronoun-1243	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can I help you ?	Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?	OK , here him are .
pronoun-1244	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did he like best ?
pronoun-1245	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	they were showing respect and admiration for me .
pronoun-1246	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	The first place they should go is the International Center .
pronoun-1247	Why not come over to work in my company ?	she need to think she over .
pronoun-1248	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t	Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?	Yes , you noticed that this have professional training and team-building days . we like the idea of working for a company that invests in their staff .
pronoun-1249	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No problem . We'll supply i with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
pronoun-1250	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep her voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now she need to see Vince .
pronoun-1251	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	Before it start , let's have a moment of silence for my fallen men .
pronoun-1252	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	That is a wonderful idea .	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	Thank it for your help .
pronoun-1253	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	you are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place you in the folder .
pronoun-1254	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank him , Mr . Johnson .
pronoun-1255	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can he tell her ?
pronoun-1256	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will you make some recommendation ?
pronoun-1257	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !	Oh , her precious game . you watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
pronoun-1258	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do she like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?
pronoun-1259	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is this Tuesday .	Are you serious ?	I ’ m not kidding .	It ’ s a good thing I asked you .	That should ’ Ve been something you knew already .	I couldn ’ t remember .	Whatever . Just make sure her go vote .
pronoun-1260	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can them tell you ?
pronoun-1261	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .	If he hurry , can she get there in time ?
pronoun-1262	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't us tired ?
pronoun-1263	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is she good news or bad news ?
pronoun-1264	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but he has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
pronoun-1265	What's his job ?	He used to be a policeman .	But Mrs.Smith hired your to find its lost son .
pronoun-1266	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !	You're looking for a multi though , right ?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh ! You took the guesswork right out of that one .	That's his job ! Is there anything else she can assist she with ?
pronoun-1267	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	it definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch me back . Elvin is still mad about ours nose .
pronoun-1268	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	No problem ! it have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that we will fit perfectly .
pronoun-1269	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't she go to cram school last night ?
pronoun-1270	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do he want ?
pronoun-1271	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .	So wearing a scarf helps you body to stay warm inside us jacket .
pronoun-1272	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	That sounds good . At the moment she spend ages queuing at the post office to pay their bills .
pronoun-1273	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	His grandfather's money is not his .	he can't understand us anyway .
pronoun-1274	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do them like high heels or flat shoes ?
pronoun-1275	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , your is a bold design . People will believe we can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . we just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
pronoun-1276	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	What am I suppose to do ?	I think you ’ ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ’ ll be sure if you get more rest .	Thank she , doctor . he ’ ll do what her say .
pronoun-1277	This house is not looking all that great from here	You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside .	I don ’ t think that it is looking any better inside here .	I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .	It is just too dark in here with so few windows .	I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out .	The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ’ t have any storage space .	The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .	How many dogs live in you house ?
pronoun-1278	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's her question ?
pronoun-1279	How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?	It is 15 minutes ’ drive .	What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?	Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .	Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?	Yes , your company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in you building .
pronoun-1280	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	Yeah . she just got here a couple of days ago . How about i ?
pronoun-1281	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	But Saturday is my birthday .	he think him ’ s important to do now . he can have a birthday party for he when she come out of the hospital .
pronoun-1282	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do i mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
pronoun-1283	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . it must wait until maturity before it cash me .
pronoun-1284	... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you ?	Come on , don ’ t be so dramatic ! I ’ m sure everything is going to work out just fine .	You think so ? Oh , no ! How can he do this to me ? I ’ m sure he ’ s cheating on me ! Why else wouldn ’ t he call ?	But , me two are on a break . Theoretically we can do whatever i likes .
pronoun-1285	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but us has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
pronoun-1286	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of his Chinese colleagues just share her personal stories in front of others .
pronoun-1287	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	anything they need to have in the place ?
pronoun-1288	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do you want ?
pronoun-1289	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	she wonder if it often trade with others on the internet .
pronoun-1290	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	you ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s your return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
pronoun-1291	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .	Well , I ’ ll wait .	Would you like something to drink , sir ? Do you prefer coffee or tea ?	Thank you . Coffee , please .	Here it are , Mr . Richard . they is the cream and they is the sugar . If there ’ s anything else them ’ d like , please don ’ t hesitate to tell us .
pronoun-1292	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At theirs last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . she folded and we made zip .
pronoun-1293	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?	Yes . When can I get them back ?	Well , if he are collected right now , she can get her back tonight .
pronoun-1294	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But their wife has always waited on you hand and foot .
pronoun-1295	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but her might have told her before .
pronoun-1296	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	it am afraid that you forgot to send we in .
pronoun-1297	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have she ever tried he ? Or are he just going to believe the sales lady ?
pronoun-1298	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do she go hiking often ?
pronoun-1299	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .	Good . Now us can pick classes by himself .
pronoun-1300	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , they didn't . And your ? Was they good ?
pronoun-1301	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why ?	The task is tough .	You'd look before you leap .	Thanks for their concern .
pronoun-1302	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute .	Do you want them to show us where we found you ?
pronoun-1303	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?
pronoun-1304	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but they looks younger .
pronoun-1305	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .	Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .	Of course he will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as she bring in the proof and she assess she , she should be very quick indeed .
pronoun-1306	Who's it knocking at the door ?	they think it's the postman.Will i go and open the door ?
pronoun-1307	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do her have ?
pronoun-1308	I'm dreadfully sorry for you .	Thank her very much for his kindness .
pronoun-1309	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	you asked him how long she took him to learn English .
pronoun-1310	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	Well , maybe him could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .
pronoun-1311	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is us . Thank it anyway .
pronoun-1312	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And , who is sponsoring your trip ?	My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .	Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .	Well , I own a house . actually , I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ’ vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .	And what evidence do she have that she are financially independent ?
pronoun-1313	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?	Mr . Smith , please .	Sorry , he is out .	What time do him expect your back then ?
pronoun-1314	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .	So wearing a scarf helps us body to stay warm inside my jacket .
pronoun-1315	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , you don ’ t know ... you ’ s hard to find the right nanny . we have to consider their previous work experience , the responsibilities he give you , and how we interacts with the kids . they would love to have
pronoun-1316	... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you ?	Come on , don ’ t be so dramatic ! I ’ m sure everything is going to work out just fine .	You think so ? Oh , no ! How can he do this to me ? I ’ m sure he ’ s cheating on me ! Why else wouldn ’ t he call ?	But , we two are on a break . Theoretically we can do whatever you likes .
pronoun-1317	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But our wife has always waited on us hand and foot .
pronoun-1318	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes it don't understand me . Then i has to repeat what we said .
pronoun-1319	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	Hello . he would like to speak to her director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .
pronoun-1320	What can I do for you today ?	I would like to use a computer .	Do you have your library card ?	I sure do .	There is a wait for the computers .	That ’ s all right .	You need to print your name on this list .	Okay . Now what ?	Once a computer is available , I will let you know .	How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?	All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .	That ’ s him ? Thank him very much .
pronoun-1321	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	it are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t they ?
pronoun-1322	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	him means that he will arrive on the same day .
pronoun-1323	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then I might as well have it done now .	them ’ d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine it prescribe and come back in three days .
pronoun-1324	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .	For shipment , her know he are producing a complete set of equipment for him and him won't all be finished at one time . So would he allow her to make partial shipments .
pronoun-1325	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	What qualities do him think an advertising planner should have ?
pronoun-1326	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	What's you trying to pull anyway .
pronoun-1327	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have they ever tried us ? Or are he just going to believe the sales lady ?
pronoun-1328	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is you Tuesday .
pronoun-1329	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .	What did he say ?	He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .	they shouldn't drive mine car . we should come here by bus .
pronoun-1330	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is her domicile place ?
pronoun-1331	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , him did .
pronoun-1332	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are him more of a leader or a follower ?
pronoun-1333	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , he mostly just listen classical music . What about him ?
pronoun-1334	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute .	Do she want her to show she where he found her ?
pronoun-1335	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . she ’ ll give her until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , her ’ ll have to re-do her .
pronoun-1336	Good afternoon.British Airline.Is there any thing I can do for you ?	Can I make a reservation for flight FW58 to San Marino ?	Sure . When do she want to take the plane ?
pronoun-1337	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , it borrowed you .
pronoun-1338	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	Good news . Ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .	Then his entire job could be done by telecommuting .
pronoun-1339	This house is not looking all that great from here	You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside .	I don ’ t think that it is looking any better inside here .	I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .	It is just too dark in here with so few windows .	I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out .	The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ’ t have any storage space .	The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .	How many dogs live in they house ?
pronoun-1340	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them ?	I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .	Can you help you to translate these sentences into German now ?
pronoun-1341	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about you one ? It's the latest design .
pronoun-1342	Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets	All right .	Here is your ticket .	Thank they .
pronoun-1343	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job ?
pronoun-1344	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	We're sorry that she has happened , and he guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
pronoun-1345	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . their wife bought us for us yesterday . Hmm , us look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits we really well .
pronoun-1346	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .	I've heard some friends say when he get the article , it's quite different from what it see on the website advertisement .
pronoun-1347	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about her car . Hey , Akimbo , he wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
pronoun-1348	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .	Where were them ?
pronoun-1349	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with your to the vitamin section .
pronoun-1350	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At our last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . you folded and they made zip .
pronoun-1351	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will her make some recommendation ?
pronoun-1352	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	his unit price is 100 dollars higher than he want . Well , he suggest he meet each other halfway .
pronoun-1353	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is him very interesting ?
pronoun-1354	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make us thin crust .
pronoun-1355	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . they always tickled her finny bone with ours college stories .
pronoun-1356	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .	Yes , Ms . Reese . they remember , they spoke with you . Is there a problem ?
pronoun-1357	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Thank you .
pronoun-1358	Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight .	Don't worry . We'll make your back to the camp site before dark .
pronoun-1359	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can it get her pictures tomorrow ?
pronoun-1360	I'm dreadfully sorry for you .	Thank me very much for my kindness .
pronoun-1361	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , he insist . she kept telling he that he would treat him to dinner but he still haven't .
pronoun-1362	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	Sure , he are off Singing Road , close to the bank .
pronoun-1363	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . they ’ ll give we until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , we ’ ll have to re-do they .
pronoun-1364	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	he really like her books . she ’ Ve just finished she one . he read him from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
pronoun-1365	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , them know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now we am in a good shape and you know more about how to keep fit .
pronoun-1366	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	That is a wonderful idea .	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	Thank we for my help .
pronoun-1367	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	he am so glad that me decided to stop by !
pronoun-1368	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .	Yeah , she probably should.How much is normal ?
pronoun-1369	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	I think someone is stalking me .	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .	What did you do ?	they didn't do anything . Finally , you left.But then she saw us again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . it went into a CD store and pretended they was looking at CD's . But then you came in too .
pronoun-1370	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	I'm afraid we can't agree with your on that . they like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .
pronoun-1371	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . we heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , he sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before you was launched into the market .
pronoun-1372	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .	we should try swimming then . you helps us to keep fit .
pronoun-1373	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	All superstitious nonsense ! we would still like to go to one and see what they or you has to say , just for kicks .
pronoun-1374	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !	Anything else her want to add ?
pronoun-1375	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes he don't understand your . Then we has to repeat what we said .
pronoun-1376	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet it , Mr . Cooper .
pronoun-1377	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do she wish to pay for i ?
pronoun-1378	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do her have a table for four , please ?
pronoun-1379	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	we told him that Peter and they has a quarrel last nigh , and i left she morning , bag and baggage .
pronoun-1380	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	no need . they think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . we would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , them know .
pronoun-1381	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , she did .
pronoun-1382	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how me see your .
pronoun-1383	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , they mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?
pronoun-1384	Did you already take the history exam ?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .	What about Abraham Lincoln ? Did you get any questions about him ?	I only had 1 question about him . But you might get more . I dont know if he will have the same exam or not .	Hopefully they will use the same exam , cause Im going to spend most of your time studying the civil war . us is a huge section and that is what they lectured the most on in class .
pronoun-1385	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game .	Oh . Well , us can't be helped .
pronoun-1386	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how he see he .
pronoun-1387	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .	What did he say ?	He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .	we shouldn't drive yours car . you should come here by bus .
pronoun-1388	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means she will get hotter .
pronoun-1389	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but we looks younger .
pronoun-1390	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , it can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
pronoun-1391	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	he have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of her company . All of above , she cannot find her .
pronoun-1392	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .	Good . Now him can pick classes by herself .
pronoun-1393	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	She lives in San Francisco .	How long has she lived there ?	I think she's lived there for about 10 years .	That's a long time . Where did they live before that ?
pronoun-1394	You get your bus pass ?	I'm not going to buy one .	You're not ?	I think it's a waste of money .	It actually costs less if you have a bus pass .	How is that ?	it can use you however many times us need to .
pronoun-1395	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with it ?
pronoun-1396	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	him can touch him only between the shoulder and the knees .
pronoun-1397	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did you just start happening , or has you been going on for a while ?
pronoun-1398	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	How does the bank bill his customers for credit card charges ?
pronoun-1399	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and your stomach hurts .
pronoun-1400	Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight .	Don't worry . We'll make him back to the camp site before dark .
pronoun-1401	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	Yes , stones .	well , he can ’ t just imagine me .
pronoun-1402	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Thank him .
pronoun-1403	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .	I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .	wow ! That ’ s fast ! you don ’ t think this will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
pronoun-1404	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , this is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .
pronoun-1405	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for we ?
pronoun-1406	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why ?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	But I want to burn up more calories !	In fact , in order to burn up her fat , him must take she slowly for a longer time .
pronoun-1407	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why ?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	But I want to burn up more calories !	In fact , in order to burn up my fat , me must take us slowly for a longer time .
pronoun-1408	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	Before it start , let's have a moment of silence for their fallen men .
pronoun-1409	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	OK , do you know the title of the book ?	Oh , sorry . I'm always absent-minded . I remember that I've put a note in my pocket .	So , show me the note please .	we can't find they now .
pronoun-1410	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?	That would be very nice . Thank she .
pronoun-1411	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , we is . Please put their luggage on i scale .
pronoun-1412	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .	For shipment , they know he are producing a complete set of equipment for them and we won't all be finished at one time . So would me allow her to make partial shipments .
pronoun-1413	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . she ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of his other vendors is going out of business and he ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
pronoun-1414	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .	What do you like about him ?	He is very intelligent .	You think so ?	That ’ s right . Plus , we agree with yours policies .
pronoun-1415	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .	Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21.50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ’ s free !	Perfect . Thank him . Bye ..
pronoun-1416	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	Just a moment . it will do your right now .
pronoun-1417	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	him are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ?
pronoun-1418	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	Yes , please .	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka her up . Which bags are theirs ?
pronoun-1419	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .	great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ?	i have a mustang convertible and married with a son	how old is our son ?
pronoun-1420	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet him too ! what is him name ?
pronoun-1421	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	i can not watch news for that reason ever been to jail i was for stealing	no i have not but i care a lot about politics .	cool their good friend took their boyfriend way from her back in high school
pronoun-1422	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?	that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo	i am sorry i do not understand what you are saying .	it s ok you understand me pretty soon	well i like to spend time player poker when i am not with my wife and kids .	healthcare is where my mom works at	i work as a carpenter now that i have recovered from my alcohol addiction .	that is so cool do you hiking and come with me next time	i do not have a lot of friends , so maybe i will .	that s ok girl she will make a new friend stan
pronoun-1423	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science	i work in medical . you shoot them i will heal them lol	lol my mom is a doctor	that is cool . i a short one so they make fun of me at times	but why would day i have dated short ppl	i do not know that is a good question .	lol well do not mind who ever does ok	i do not i am proud of it actually means i get cute guys	lo whats good to hear	what is him favorite food , his is muffins
pronoun-1424	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre i have never heard of it	euchre is a a card game where you only use ace through 9 cards . lots of fun .	how do you play it	4 people , deal out 5 cards each . if spades are trump , jack of spades is highest card	how do her win in she
pronoun-1425	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	oh , that is horrible . my mother is a therapist maybe you should talk to her .	my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k	i like to run as well , when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice , and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video games , playing them gives me an outlet for my energy .	i dig that . i am always playing a game when i work at pet smart	i was there yesterday , with my pup .	please tell me you did not let it pee all over lane 3	no , sorry . that was not their pup . we has diapers on .
pronoun-1426	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	they am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .
pronoun-1427	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	that is always nice , like projects ?	what kind of projects do you mean ?	like the kind that need trash	interesting , do you have a job ?	you do but you is nasty you clean out cages
pronoun-1428	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	you am doing good . you finally got a moment to yourselves .
pronoun-1429	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .	where are you from ? i am from south carolina . i love the south !	california ! in my spare time all i get to do is read novels of the supernatural .	watching horror films is my favorite !	n o o way ! my siblings love to watch horror as well .	i love watching horror films	my six older sisters love to watch horror and eat a pizza .	actually my real favorite is paranormal shows	your youngest brother enjoys more of your genre the paranormal as well .
pronoun-1430	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . he also love travelling . been to six countries already !
pronoun-1431	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are her currently reading ? he like to read about animals
pronoun-1432	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	we am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?
pronoun-1433	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college	oh , they still have that issue with student loans and they am married .
pronoun-1434	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	i want you to know that right after high school i want to dona	i am sorry but i do not understand what you mean	i meant i enlisted to the army	oo we enlisted when we was still in high school
pronoun-1435	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	she only have two for now but he want a huge number of family
pronoun-1436	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	never been married . i am originally from new york actually	came here to be a singer . why did you leave ?	most of my family moved down here and i eventually followed them . singing is awesome !	him is fun . but modeling pays more ! him have hobbies ?
pronoun-1437	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	they am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !
pronoun-1438	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	did something happen to him ?	they will lose theirs leg , you am still learning jujitsu so , not sure what happened to us
pronoun-1439	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .	you can be a bodybuilder like me . then people will be scared of you	i need to build about strength that sounds good .	forget about being short . just get in good shape and you will be fine	yes , she should start working out to make himself stronger
pronoun-1440	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian	that is so sweet . what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music , what about you ?	i play frisbee with my dogs every day	that sounds like fun , we wish her goldfish was more fun
pronoun-1441	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	okay . did you and your sister start a tech company or something ?	no you am lead singer in a band
pronoun-1442	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker	oh okay they have kids , 2 sons
pronoun-1443	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do he like that so
pronoun-1444	hi there how are your tonight
pronoun-1445	hello , how are she today ?
pronoun-1446	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	they am doing great . your dreary so they am watching tv .
pronoun-1447	hi there how are him tonight ?
pronoun-1448	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , he guess . you love going to the theater for movies .
pronoun-1449	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	very cool . i am watching a video of my favorite band , simple plan .	is it the video where they are wearing purple ? best color ever	i was watching the other one actually .	the one at the hospital ? i am a nurse at a pediatric one	i work at the animal shelter downtown .	i do not believe in sheltering animals . i am a catholic	sadly they need a home . we work hard to find them one .	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .	why not ? you sounds like a good plan
pronoun-1450	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	we am a pediatrician and a carnivore . you ?
pronoun-1451	hey there how is your day so far ?	it is okay , i almost ate a jam that had mango in it , i am allergic	hey there how is your day so far ?	you is okay , we almost ate a jam that had mango in them , they am allergic
pronoun-1452	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? we need to become friends so i can have a doctor friend !	him married ? he am with kids
pronoun-1453	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day	do you like playing video games ? i play fantasy video games	i like being active on my feet and building things with my hands	nice , your a hobbyist . how are your kids doing since the divorce ?	no i am 40 but i played games when i was a kid . i still have my atari	have you heard of an xbox one ?	they are good . they like staying with me . they said i am a lot cooler .	so what else do it build ?
pronoun-1454	hey he love sardines for breakfast , do it ?
pronoun-1455	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !	that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .	oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger .	wow ! all of them ? do you have any pets ?	yes i have a dog and a cat , what about you ?	he am allergic to animals so she do not like him .
pronoun-1456	hello , how are she today ?
pronoun-1457	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music ?	yes it is different than what i used to do . retired olympian skater	that is a change ! i was in engineering but after college i switched to writing .	since i was homeschooled for skating purposes , i worked at hollister in my teens	did your parents homeschool you ?	yes he did . they was easier with your skating passion
pronoun-1458	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	she am a pediatrician and a carnivore . her ?
pronoun-1459	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .	what do he do when he go out ? he go to the gym and play racquetball .
pronoun-1460	hey , how are it doing today ?
pronoun-1461	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , we am ! they spend most of your day studying .
pronoun-1462	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog .	we do not listen to country . they am a rap girl .
pronoun-1463	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , we will sew quilts that expound on the themes us write about .
pronoun-1464	do her like to listen to music very much ?
pronoun-1465	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal ?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time .	listening to pink floyd helps me study bacon	i like pink floyd too ! i am working right now at my fathers car dealership .	i wanna be like neil patrick harris when i graduate	i like him . he is great when he hosts the oscars .	yeah i hear he nice plus his kids are adorable	i never saw his kids . do you want to go to college ?	yeah maybe something as a back up	your always a good idea to have a back up .
pronoun-1466	i read a lot what about you ?	you am a gardener , they love plants
pronoun-1467	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors ? like hunting ? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips , but that is it .	nice , do you go alone or with siblings ? i go with my brother fishing	i do not have any siblings . i go alone or with friends	wow , what does your mom do ? my mom works as a secretary	this is a nurse in a hospital
pronoun-1468	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . they helped my brother a lot when he had a broken leg .	so nice to hear ! i have only broken my hand once before .	it happened when my father and brother went skiing . i would rather eat sushi	sushi is my second favorite , behind my number one pizza	i make vegan pizza and sushi among other vegan dishes .	i cook mine at home while watching one tree hill . love that show .	i like xbox workout programs and youtube . hardly watch tv anymore	i do not blame you . cable is way too expensive .	although she do watch local news streaming via facebook .
pronoun-1469	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	it will try whatever candy it have
pronoun-1470	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	oh nice , i got 2 kids of my own , what about you ?	i have 3 kids and a dog .	nice , what kind of music do us listen to ?
pronoun-1471	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	do you like to dance ? i do !	no , i do like to collect civil war antiques . i put alot of time into that .	she are ? she am a girl that is mixed .
pronoun-1472	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	oh , cool . so do you work in a hospital ?	no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww , that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right , i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ?	you enjoy web design , you love your . she could never knit .
pronoun-1473	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	our first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .
pronoun-1474	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	cool what about work ? he would love to be a chef
pronoun-1475	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	vet ? married with children or what ? name is sean .	my names bill , not a vet , thanks for your service !	very kind of you sir . is 69 old ? if so i am old man . married ?	only as old as you feel . and no , just me and my oldies music	you like motown music sir ? i do . any ideas for a faster wheelchair ?	hm , not my expertise , only hobby of mine is trying barbeque restaurants	i am a oldie but a goodie and love to smoke ribs . you dance ?	as long as its oldies i will dance to anything ! aha you ?	you come from a military family ?	my father and grandfather were both army	great ! tennesee has the best bbq . her married ?
pronoun-1476	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever she takes for she
pronoun-1477	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	she am what i would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion
pronoun-1478	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , he just working while chatting , and me ?
pronoun-1479	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am fine . just playing basketball at the moment	how are you doing that and working on a hit	i am fine . just getting off work	nice where do you work	in nyc for a program that mentors troubled teens	cool i live in nyc i am in queens	what do you like to do for fun	nothing much i just play video games	i love to sing . to sing	life is the thing that is the thing and her dressed like the thing
pronoun-1480	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is their bread and butter , they like surrounding yourselves with music . what do he teach ?
pronoun-1481	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking , especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living ?	i read tarot cards and have a bunch of tattoos	oh . i am thinking about getting a tattoo .	they are addicting . you will want more and more lol	what do he do for a living ?
pronoun-1482	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	you wish there was a pill to make them taller . we am only five feet .
pronoun-1483	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	she live in ohio she am tired
pronoun-1484	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	she go climbing but am scared of heights
pronoun-1485	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	what do you guys do for fun ?	well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ?	the bigger the better ! metal ones are my favorite .	definitely ! have we ridden any hybrid metal and wood ones ?
pronoun-1486	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , you am a catholic , do you practice ?
pronoun-1487	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his loss , scum bag !	most men are . in my experience anyway	i work as a carpenter and can agree with you	lol . i did not mean to be rude .	that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking .	that is a good thing . he never started .
pronoun-1488	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . you am 20 years old . how about i ?
pronoun-1489	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	i am the singer in a super popular band .	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover .	haha you seems very funny .	i will tell you i have three sisters .	i wish i have a sister . i have two brothers only .	i did not finish high school to follow my dreams . dropped out .	in my opinion you need high school .	i can always fall back on truck driving .	truck drives making good money .	our dad drove semi when we was younger .
pronoun-1490	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	she am good , just hanging out
pronoun-1491	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are she doing
pronoun-1492	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	pretty good just studying and you ?	he do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do her do for fun ?
pronoun-1493	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	i live with my cat and dogs . you have pets ?	my cat . she is a siamese .	i see . my three children are grown .	i do love cooking for my kids tho .	hmmm . what is your specialty dish ?	pork chops . sadly i cook alot and not work out as i should .	wow ! i work with people society has thrown away .	do you enjoy that kind of work ?	yes ! they give me life . i make them feel valued . you sing ?	i do not sing , sadly .	oh okay . him children sing ? he am not looking to make new friends .
pronoun-1494	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	you am a nurse , their mom is also a nurse , an army nurse
pronoun-1495	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no , but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do ?	just ride my horses around do you	i have never ridden a horse , it sounds fun	yeah he love carrots and stuff
pronoun-1496	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	no , i mostly care a lot about politics , i care about it a lot	i do not pay attention to politics , only my kids and my gym time .	nice , do you read or watch tv ?	i do , currently catching up on hawaii 5 0	nice , i watch the news on tv every single day	i do not pay attention to it .	ok , so where do you work ? i am in the it department	i work at home , i am in sales .	do you read about sales ? i love reading	i do not . i read harry potter to my kids .	did you read narnia chronicles , they are better	i have , and i prefer harry potter	well that is great , you love reading i is important
pronoun-1497	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	i am doing ok . just taking a quick break from studying .	they understand it all need breaks from work , you am an accountant . what do we do for fun
pronoun-1498	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for she . he have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .
pronoun-1499	hi are her working today ? she am going to style some dog hair
pronoun-1500	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day	do you like playing video games ? i play fantasy video games	i like being active on my feet and building things with my hands	nice , your a hobbyist . how are your kids doing since the divorce ?	no i am 40 but i played games when i was a kid . i still have my atari	have you heard of an xbox one ?	they are good . they like staying with me . they said i am a lot cooler .	so what else do he build ?
pronoun-1501	hello we am a real estate agent in canada where are us ?
pronoun-1502	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?	sometimes i sing . yeah that is life for you .	huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ?	about my parents . love beaches . my best friend took my boyfriend . you married ?	wow ! yes i am . you need a car ? you would make a great voiceover actor .	what do you love to do ? nope no car needed .	it love writing . are we in counseling ? she am dieting too .
pronoun-1503	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	never been married . i am originally from new york actually	came here to be a singer . why did you leave ?	most of my family moved down here and i eventually followed them . singing is awesome !	you is fun . but modeling pays more ! he have hobbies ?
pronoun-1504	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	what are in the tunes ?	a lot of love , grace , kindness , scatting and dancing .	do you work ? i do on a forklift	i was hoping you knew what i was talking about ! school , no work !	like bbq ? he love him some fire bbq
pronoun-1505	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	she am a tv sports addict , unfortunately their fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .
pronoun-1506	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	i am good do you work	yes i work from home , do you work ?	my job is pro skating yeah	that is cool , i like playing video games a lot do you play ?	sometimes but i hate potato chips	that is cool , i like them but they can be weird . any hobbies ?	i work at hollister basically	oh that is cool . do you work fulltime ?	yeah i won 3 x games gold medals	oh that is pretty sweet , i watch a lot of sports do you ?	yeah it is nice to get away from work	yeah , my mom works a lot and i always thought i should balance more	yeah i was born with a tail	wow , their mom is a doctor and you is told about that happening .
pronoun-1507	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . i have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .	maybe me could find a house for dad . we do not like your in their home .
pronoun-1508	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	he am into horses , not much on computers , he grew up on a ranch .
pronoun-1509	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	oh sweet she just got his kids to bed
pronoun-1510	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?	no , i was infantry . i lost my leg . do you own a horse ?	no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one .	maybe someday . this typing makes me tired .	i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired !	i just get tired from being old . what diet ?	i only eat things that i find at the beach !	tomorrow i am going to take my wheelchair to the beach . it flys on sand .	it flies ? the beach is the best place to go .	it is very fast . what do you like to do at the beach .	we like to lie on the sand and swim and ride horses at the beach .
pronoun-1511	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold , though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are her strongest subjects .
pronoun-1512	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins ! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day , i will ask neptune about them .	if you ever have a question about rocks , i am your person . i used to teach .	i know mainly about shells and the creatures that inhabit them .	i will learn about that one day . i am more interested in ice currently .	i have never seen ice , what is it ?	frozen water . they love exploring the arctic , ice as far as she can see .
pronoun-1513	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?	really anything , what about you ?	i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot	you am not a very active person .
pronoun-1514	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . she am going to auburn for med school .
pronoun-1515	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	are you an animal person ?	oh yes i love animals . how about you ?	me too . i have two large huskies named jack and jill	i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger .	do you train them ? mine like to catch frisbees .	we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ?	i am a bagger at a grocery store .	nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs .	that sounds interesting . i did not finish school so i do not have a lot of options	you always have options ! what are your passions ?	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person .	well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer ! you never know !	that is a good idea . do her like my job ?
pronoun-1516	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	we compete in bodybuilding in your spare time .
pronoun-1517	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi she blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .
pronoun-1518	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	oh neat ! how motivating . i just got back from a wedding	that is fun ! whose wedding did you go to ?	it was my brother ! crazy . so what hobbies do you enjoy	not much . i work at a hospital so i do not have much time .	oh that sounds busy ! i just graduated and do not have a job yet	what did him graduate for ?
pronoun-1519	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	he have a sister and a brother . do him ?
pronoun-1520	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	doing pretty good , played a gig last night so a little tired .	oh , yeah ? are you in a band ?	yes , i am actually the lead singer .	wow ! her probably would think he am boring . he am an accountant .
pronoun-1521	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	i am going for a horse ride tomorrow . do you like horses ?	i never have juice , just water .	is that hard for you ? i love sugar	yes you do you work on the baby floor an they want no kids lol
pronoun-1522	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	she am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .
pronoun-1523	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts ?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike ?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you like to cook ? i will try any kind of food at least once	i can do it but not my passion . do you know barry manila ?	barry manilow you mean ? yes i know of him	i like him a lot . my favorite by far	i have a weird sticker of barry	oh yeah what is it of ?	an weird sticker of an album cover	that is cool . do he have pets ?
pronoun-1524	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre he have never heard of he
pronoun-1525	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	you would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe you should change
pronoun-1526	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	hi there how are you today ?
pronoun-1527	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	you write for a newspaper . what kind of law do your do ?
pronoun-1528	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are he tonight ?
pronoun-1529	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold , though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are her strongest subjects .
pronoun-1530	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .	yeah got to stay on the grind	do you have any fun plans for the weekend ?	nah mostly studying but looking at a little tv for downtime	ah yeah , that sounds about right for her as well .
pronoun-1531	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college	i am a finish carpenter , i come in and do that detail work . lonely job .	interesting ! i guess you are into nature ! i have a big garden and i love it !	it is okay . my wife and kids are always hiking and fishing .	nice ! do you have any hobbies ? i love walking	poker and scratching the dog is about him . what do she do for a living ?
pronoun-1532	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well you have learned to pick their battles
pronoun-1533	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read .	that is very cool that him write .
pronoun-1534	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	you am a pediatrician and a carnivore . them ?
pronoun-1535	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows you day going sir
pronoun-1536	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?	that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo	i am sorry i do not understand what you are saying .	it s ok you understand me pretty soon	well i like to spend time player poker when i am not with my wife and kids .	healthcare is where her mom works at
pronoun-1537	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to him first wife ?
pronoun-1538	hello there ! how are it today ?
pronoun-1539	kids are driving me crazy , hope your day is better .	not really , i work for a fast food company . . .	kids are driving me crazy , hope your day is better .	not really , i work for a fast food company . . .	my husband owns a fast food franchise , he always smells like grease .	i did not finish high school	you should take some time and go back , i wish i had , but too many kids .	it is hell living here	where do you live ? tough place or family ?	in canada , you am a fast runner because of all the crime around you
pronoun-1540	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	scotch goes good with anything lol .	i have a brother who likes scotch	i am an only child .	i have just the one brother and 3 sisters	do you have any pets ? i am scared of dogs .	i have a cat and a dog you would not be scared of my dog	what do you do for a living ?	she am a secretary like her mom hard living and her ?
pronoun-1541	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	nothing really . what are you up to ?	i was at the beach earlier , i live on this small island called edris island	i wish i had time to go to the beach	why are you so busy ?	she am always working . but he have worked there forever
pronoun-1542	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	on sundays we like to paint
pronoun-1543	hi how are he doing tonight ?
pronoun-1544	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	she am a pediatrician and a carnivore . him ?
pronoun-1545	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more your spiritual guide .
pronoun-1546	hello , how are she tonight ?
pronoun-1547	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician .	oh interesting . i am still in school so i do not have a job	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .	he go to school at home , but it do love to read as well
pronoun-1548	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	you cannot have a dog because of allergies . do we own a dog .
pronoun-1549	boy am he tired ! just got done hunting . how are he ?
pronoun-1550	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	better now that the bug is gone and my bacon is done cooking	she do not like bugs either but bacon is good .
pronoun-1551	hi i am talking to text	hello , interesting introduction you have there	hi i am talking to text	hello , interesting introduction you have there	colors i can not see them well , my sis helps me out	that is unfortunate . what is something that you enjoy doing ?	i am a real life body builder also	that is a really cool profession ! i am studying right now to become a doctor	really ? like to read or like rabbits ?	rabbits ? yes , i do like to read but also love to shop for clothes	it love the persona of theodore roosevelt
pronoun-1552	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes she should , but their three kids like junk food lol
pronoun-1553	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	what do you guys do for fun ?	well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ?	the bigger the better ! metal ones are my favorite .	definitely ! have it ridden any hybrid metal and wood ones ?
pronoun-1554	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	she only have one , your kindergarteners are a handful and then some .
pronoun-1555	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	wow ! you still together ? i sell things i hand make on ebay . i have two children .	yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows .	how long you have been married ? i divorced because i was bored with doug .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together .	do you and your sweetheart work ? what kind of shows do you do ?	he is retired and eats chips all day . i do not like them .	that is great ! i went alone to a chance the rapper concert recently .	fun . i like to play guitar to old bluegrass tunes . do you play ?	no . what kind of chips your sweetheart like ? i make things with my hands .	doritos . are you an artist ? i love to cook as well .	no , i make jewelry from rocks . you have kids ? i have two children .	two boys over here . i would love to see what you make .	i have to move around . you like unique one of a kind jewelry ?	you do . where are she living now ? you am in the kentucky mountains .
pronoun-1556	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	very cool . i am watching a video of my favorite band , simple plan .	is it the video where they are wearing purple ? best color ever	i was watching the other one actually .	the one at the hospital ? i am a nurse at a pediatric one	i work at the animal shelter downtown .	i do not believe in sheltering animals . i am a catholic	sadly they need a home . we work hard to find them one .	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .	why not ? he sounds like a good plan
pronoun-1557	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	i do not . however , i take pictures of my 3 guns . do you take pictures ?	yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book .	your life must be interesting . can you tell me more ?	your new house has ten bedrooms . what about him ?
pronoun-1558	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	sorry late reply , got distracted by the kids they are always up to something !	how many kids do you have ?	four , they can be quite a handful , especially the younger two	god bless them . how old are they ?	12 , 9 , 6 , and 3 we spaced them out evenly !	you have baby every three years . do you work ?	well , right now i am mostly a domestic goddess but i do cook professional at times	that is very nice , my mom loves to cook and me no	hehe you might be too young to know that joke	haha he am 24 she am not young at all .
pronoun-1559	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?	i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single	i see . well my family is in arkansas . i live in chicago in an apartment .	cool , do you like it there ?	yes i do . my two brothers live with me .	i want to visit there so bad	your is very windy ! that is why i is called the windy city !
pronoun-1560	hello , how are him tonight ?
pronoun-1561	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have we ever taken you to the zoo ? you love zoos !
pronoun-1562	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	him know what would make his day feel shorter ? some good oldies music
pronoun-1563	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ?	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ?	i am eating cake and planning my dog obedience class tomorrow .	do it teach dogs obedience ? that is good . they am afraid of your .
pronoun-1564	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his loss , scum bag !	most men are . in my experience anyway	i work as a carpenter and can agree with you	lol . i did not mean to be rude .	that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking .	that is a good thing . i never started .	i quit 5 years ago , i feel pretty good now .	that is awesome . he are an inspiration , congrats .
pronoun-1565	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . they am more of a soft rock guy .
pronoun-1566	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?	i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single	i see . well my family is in arkansas . i live in chicago in an apartment .	cool , do you like it there ?	yes i do . my two brothers live with me .	i want to visit there so bad	him is very windy ! that is why him is called the windy city !
pronoun-1567	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	i only have one , my kindergarteners are a handful and then some .	oh so you are a teacher	i am , i graduated two years ago .	i should look into that . i am tired of working so hard	this is hard work too , and the pay is not great . i have roommates .	well maybe i will become a fantasy writer then	that sounds great , i love comicon	me too ! i am always watching the lord of the rings	my favorite is captain america , i too would start a civil war over bucky .	ooh . she like the hulk
pronoun-1568	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	she do not know but his toes bother her
pronoun-1569	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	that sounds nice ! i am a nurse who loves zoos and teddy bears .	aww do you collect teddy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them	i do ! i bring them to my patients at the childrens hospital .	so nice ! do they also like ice cream ? i love it !	most of you do , yes !
pronoun-1570	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice ! what do you do for work ?	i am what you call a water engineer	hmm , interesting . i am in the army !	i admire all servicemen and women . i am currently chomping down on bacon	yummy , bacon is my favorite food too .	what are your current goals at the moment ? i want to finish my m . s .	i am just waiting to get out of the army and south korea .	i see . what is home for you ? i am a native californian	she am from puerto rico originally .
pronoun-1571	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do she . she also like documentaries , do her ?
pronoun-1572	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?	sometimes i sing . yeah that is life for you .	huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ?	about my parents . love beaches . my best friend took my boyfriend . you married ?	wow ! yes i am . you need a car ? you would make a great voiceover actor .	what do you love to do ? nope no car needed .	he love writing . are him in counseling ? he am dieting too .
pronoun-1573	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever you takes for us
pronoun-1574	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today ?	hi carson , got any kids ? i do 3 all girls	no , but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not , when was you born ?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you ?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .	so are you any good at multi tasking ?	not really . he am in a brace right now .
pronoun-1575	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	oh okay . i am a good cook too !	cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden	great ! hi dave . you own or rent your home ? i rent .	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often	hmmm . any peas in that garden professor dave ?	yes green peas . i grow a lot of those	wow ! you have dogs dave ?	no , he am a aquarium type of guy
pronoun-1576	hey there how is your day so far ?	it is okay , i almost ate a jam that had mango in it , i am allergic	hey there how is your day so far ?	him is okay , she almost ate a jam that had mango in him , he am allergic
pronoun-1577	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	i listening to the beetles , great music	i am a lead singer in a band myself	awesome , what is the name of your band	i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad	no worries i understand , sing on my friend	my three sisters watch us play sometimes , and then we party	sound like fun , where are he from
pronoun-1578	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . she dream of kids to make art with .
pronoun-1579	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! it adopted your cat from the zoo
pronoun-1580	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , she like the chargers
pronoun-1581	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma	yes we was on the team in college .
pronoun-1582	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	i am in oregon , just got done hiking out in the woods	sounds fun ! what do you do for a living ? i teach kindergarten .	i work in a small coffee shop but want to be an artist	very cool , do you sculpt or paint ?	i am learning how to draw and i read and write poetry	awesome ! hopefully it pays more than teaching , i hardly can pay bills .	i am okay money wise . i am frugal except for like one indulgence	after my student loans are done i should be ok .	fortunately i never had those . college just is not for me	yes it was rough . i have been out for two years now .	i like to learn but the way colleges teach does not mesh well with me	some people are like that . it is not for everyone .	yeah , we like our simple life of sticker collecting and art
pronoun-1583	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , their parents reside in arkansas .
pronoun-1584	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives .	like scary movies ? i love them	no ! i hate them !	lol well why is that ?	well because they scare me i guess .	oh i understand that i really do	do you have any pets ?	no they do not have any
pronoun-1585	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	you am in the army . what years did he serve ?
pronoun-1586	hello . how are you today ?	good how are you doing	hello . how are you today ?	good how are you doing	i am ok . just caught a cold . . .	that is no good . i hate getting sick .	yeah , everyone hates it . are you at work or home ?	i am at work . how about you ?	her too . lol . what do her do for living ?
pronoun-1587	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	lucky you . i have always wanted to write a book .	what is your favorite genre ? i specialize in science fiction .	i love fantasy actually . anything to get me off planet earth . haha	totally agree . so what stocks should i buy ?	that would be insider trading i think . haha . buy google i guess !	i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock ?	oh that would be a good one . i am a horrible stock broker !	that must be why you are still there ? kidding .	haha . yeah , i have more fun i my metal band .	oh that is neat ! before our parents died a couple years back , he went to shows .
pronoun-1588	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read .	that is very cool that i write .
pronoun-1589	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . her still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .
pronoun-1590	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? we played soccer in high school , we want to cook for a living
pronoun-1591	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	they have sons . we are amazing lot of work tho
pronoun-1592	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank he . her male or female . they am a guy .
pronoun-1593	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	you is a pretty chilly night
pronoun-1594	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . he am sorry to hear that . do he have any children
pronoun-1595	hi how are i today ?
pronoun-1596	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	karaoke , it is a lot of fun and my dogs i train them like it too !	oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year .	allergic to dander in dogs but i still love to train them . do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . even though i love music , i really want to be a doctor or vet .	no college for me , i went from high school straight into the army . enjoy college .	i may need a new car . i do not think my old beetle will survive the drive .	i was discharged from the army for being colorblind . i need a car too .	she am sorry to hear that . her dad is color blind too .
pronoun-1597	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i can not do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	she do do that . walk her granddaughter to school everyday
pronoun-1598	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	she am a civil engineer , she ?
pronoun-1599	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . you work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .
pronoun-1600	hello he am a real estate agent in canada where are he ?
pronoun-1601	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian	that is so sweet . what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music , what about you ?	i play frisbee with my dogs every day	that sounds like fun , you wish her goldfish was more fun
pronoun-1602	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	you live in ohio we am tired
pronoun-1603	i sure hope you like hobbits !	you do lol do they like to be cared for ?
pronoun-1604	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country	oh i meant how old are you ? . i am a 28 year old man .	ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ?	they like playing second life . and your ? .
pronoun-1605	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	she am good . what is her occupation ?
pronoun-1606	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .	where are you from ? i am from south carolina . i love the south !	california ! in my spare time all i get to do is read novels of the supernatural .	watching horror films is my favorite !	n o o way ! my siblings love to watch horror as well .	i love watching horror films	my six older sisters love to watch horror and eat a pizza .	actually my real favorite is paranormal shows	our youngest brother enjoys more of your genre the paranormal as well .
pronoun-1607	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre i have never heard of it	euchre is a a card game where you only use ace through 9 cards . lots of fun .	how do you play it	4 people , deal out 5 cards each . if spades are trump , jack of spades is highest card	how do them win in you
pronoun-1608	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	she do not know since she abandoned him
pronoun-1609	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what is up her man ?
pronoun-1610	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i know that is not a easy job to deal with	no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints .	you do it all lol	i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite .	me to i have a chihuahua mix named pedro	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute	their cat is bad we bites you a lot we has two colors .
pronoun-1611	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is cool , i am currently building a tree house in my spare time	do you have any kids ? i would love to build a tree house for my kids	i do , i am divorced but have some great kids	they see , you am married ourselves but we always wanted to have a big family
pronoun-1612	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	i can not watch news for that reason ever been to jail i was for stealing	no i have not but i care a lot about politics .	cool your good friend took your boyfriend way from you back in high school
pronoun-1613	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , you swear she am exhausted
pronoun-1614	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	i like to dance in my spare time .	they love painting portraits in your spare time
pronoun-1615	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , her parents reside in arkansas .
pronoun-1616	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	you are very athletic , but i bet that kung fu would not beat my guns	i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church !	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . they can also talk about the second ammendment and how she should not fear guns
pronoun-1617	hello , how are they tonight ?
pronoun-1618	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	you like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .
pronoun-1619	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	they finished our bachelor degree .
pronoun-1620	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors ? like hunting ? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips , but that is it .	nice , do you go alone or with siblings ? i go with my brother fishing	i do not have any siblings . i go alone or with friends	wow , what does your mom do ? my mom works as a secretary	they is a nurse in a hospital
pronoun-1621	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	he finished his bachelor degree .
pronoun-1622	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are your , how is day ?
pronoun-1623	hello , how are he tonight ?
pronoun-1624	hi ! what is your favorite sport ?	hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it .	hi ! what is your favorite sport ?	hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it .	that is nice . i like karate sports	cool . do you have any pets ? . i have three jack russell .	no pets . he want four or five dogs though
pronoun-1625	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	yummy . my favorite food is onions .	do you eat onions plain or mixed into to other foods ?	i like them plain and in other food . both ways are great	i do not think i would enjoy an onion plain . on a burger is great !	i agree . what do you do for fun ?	i stay at home mostly , i watch netflix like all day every day	i do not blame you . i work as a registered nurse .	so am i . but i do not like the physical activity that the job requires .	it is a lot . i have been there for so many years .	i am new to the field . do you like to watch movies and tv ?	you am not really a big fan to be honest . her ?
pronoun-1626	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .	lol i love pizza and so do my dogs	pizza is good , i love tacos more though	what is her favorite holiday . his christmas
pronoun-1627	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	it am doing great . my dreary so it am watching tv .
pronoun-1628	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	congrats ! is it a boy or girl ?	a boy , any kids for you ?	not yet . i am not ready . right now i am concentrating on art class	ok that sounds interesting , i studied abroad for many years .	that sounds amazing . i would love to go to europe	it was , any pets ? my golden retriever ginger is great around my son .	i have a golden retriever too ! we go for long hikes together	wow , small world , my hobbies include making model cars and watching movies .	model cars sounds neat . she enjoy anything crafty
pronoun-1629	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . he can do his hair before a show . hair stylist here haha
pronoun-1630	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	i teach and travel the southern states	that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music !	i travelled to africa , spain , russia , korea , germany , bahamas ,	ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better .	i garden and it stretches for 100 feet . what are you better at ?	that is a very big garden she have there .
pronoun-1631	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time , but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	she have . they choked on a chip , that is why he hate him .
pronoun-1632	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	congrats ! is it a boy or girl ?	a boy , any kids for you ?	not yet . i am not ready . right now i am concentrating on art class	ok that sounds interesting , i studied abroad for many years .	that sounds amazing . i would love to go to europe	it was , any pets ? my golden retriever ginger is great around my son .	i have a golden retriever too ! we go for long hikes together	wow , small world , my hobbies include making model cars and watching movies .	model cars sounds neat . she enjoy anything crafty
pronoun-1633	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are him today
pronoun-1634	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet he too ! what is you name ?
pronoun-1635	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	i am in the army . what years did you serve ?	67 through 72 . will you make the army a career ?	they have not decided yet . . . we is such a big decision .
pronoun-1636	i sure hope you like hobbits !	it do lol do it like to be cared for ?
pronoun-1637	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there he am great eating a snack and her ?
pronoun-1638	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	you am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .
pronoun-1639	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	good for you . i am kicking back working on a romance novel i am writing .	wow you got plenty of time me always battery by cnn news	i live on a distant island and there is not much to do there .	i always try to walk each day a mile	way to go ! as i work as a writer , my days are quiet .	do you usually do it at home i do quilts for my close family	as an introvert , i write from home with my two cats around me .	how do you like doing that	it is pretty calming and keeps me out of trouble !	what other stuff do you do aside from writing	not too much , although you love to watch movies . do he like movies ?
pronoun-1640	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys , 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician !	small world ! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies ?	eating pizza , and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with vintage cars .	vintage cars are beautiful . a lot of them anyway	you also like running and reading in your spare time .
pronoun-1641	hi how are he doing he am good .
pronoun-1642	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?	no i grew up on a farm and have seven kids . i am always on the road	i like to go to the karaoke bars	that sounds like fun . i read mysteries like james patterson and steven king	are him dressing up for halloween ?
pronoun-1643	hello ! what are you up to this evening ?	just finished a poker night with my friends , you ?	hello ! what are you up to this evening ?	just finished a poker night with my friends , you ?	spending time with her husband and kids whom she love a lot .
pronoun-1644	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . he am from the midwest . tell you about we ?
pronoun-1645	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hey i am brianna i am okay	so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ?	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years	really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there .	yes my ultimate dream is to be a professional dancer	dad tending the farm and mom a strict teacher , anything artsy was always frowned upon !	well both of my parents are gone but my sister realy supports my dreams	where are you from ? i am proudly born and raised in south carolina !	i am from edris island	do you like horror flicks ? those are my favorite !	yes ! you love the childs play franchise
pronoun-1646	hi how are you today ?
pronoun-1647	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are she tonight ?
pronoun-1648	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	i crunch numbers like i like my bacon	good way to crunch numbers and bacon .	yeah i work it off by hiking on weekends with the dog	my kindergarten kids keep me busy .	i am traveling to tennessee next week to visit family	enjoy your visit and safe travels .	luckily my civic gets great mileage	with gas prices like they are we all need cars with great mileage .	coming from the top of ohio u are not joking	did her go to college ? he went to university of mississippi .
pronoun-1649	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	it do enjoy walking ! you love to put their headphones on and walk around .
pronoun-1650	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . me work or have any special hobbies ?
pronoun-1651	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just their grandbabies . you wish we had a husband they could care for .
pronoun-1652	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island .	wow i bet that is nice . i love my hot rod	oh yeah ? the thing i love is dancing .	you have two left feet no dancing with them
pronoun-1653	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank it . you male or female . they am a guy .
pronoun-1654	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	simple plan band is what energize them
pronoun-1655	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors ? like hunting ? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips , but that is it .	nice , do you go alone or with siblings ? i go with my brother fishing	i do not have any siblings . i go alone or with friends	wow , what does your mom do ? my mom works as a secretary	you is a nurse in a hospital
pronoun-1656	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	they am sure your are tough !
pronoun-1657	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	exhausted lol . just got home from school , getting the boys settled .	oh are you a parent ?	yes i am , i have 2 boys . how about you ?	nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica	nice , my favorite actually . i listen while while practicing haircuts in school	so me want to be a hair stylist ?
pronoun-1658	hi . it is the time of night for my favorite , candy . what do you like ?	hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired .	hi . it is the time of night for my favorite , candy . what do you like ?	hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired .	i hear you . do you have a favorite candy type ? i love chocolate .	i love chocolate too but seems is not health .	true . small splurges . i made up for it by playing soccer during college .	do you still study or you graduated ?	last year i graduated from college . how about you ?	in may i graduated . do you work ?	he am an office secretary . have to run off those chocolate calories now .
pronoun-1659	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	i am so over drama	drama and romance goes together	sometimes . but other times its too much .	she understand , where are him from
pronoun-1660	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	are you an animal person ?	oh yes i love animals . how about you ?	me too . i have two large huskies named jack and jill	i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger .	do you train them ? mine like to catch frisbees .	we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ?	i am a bagger at a grocery store .	nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs .	that sounds interesting . i did not finish school so i do not have a lot of options	you always have options ! what are your passions ?	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person .	well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer ! you never know !	that is a good idea . do he like her job ?
pronoun-1661	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	i listening to the beetles , great music	i am a lead singer in a band myself	awesome , what is the name of your band	i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad	no worries i understand , sing on my friend	my three sisters watch us play sometimes , and then we party	sound like fun , where are this from
pronoun-1662	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	your favorite singer is michael jackson .
pronoun-1663	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	it am very lucky he live beside the beach . what do them do for a living
pronoun-1664	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are him tonight ?
pronoun-1665	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is him favorite musician ? hers is john denver
pronoun-1666	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	you would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe they should change
pronoun-1667	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . he work on wall street as a stock broker .
pronoun-1668	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough	sorry to hear that , did you get impacted ?	we did , but not as bad as where the hurricane originally hit	that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ?	i hang out online as much as i can	what do you do online ?	i do readings for people . and sell my spirit paintings	that is very interesting . how many people do he get a day ?
pronoun-1669	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives .	like scary movies ? i love them	no ! i hate them !	lol well why is that ?	well because they scare me i guess .	oh i understand that i really do	do you have any pets ?	no they do not have any
pronoun-1670	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse	wow ! inspiring ! i am 22 so i am not sure what i want to be yet .	22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do	yes ! i should , but i spend most of my time hanging out with friends	oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection !	aw how cute ! what genre is your favorite music ? mine is rap .	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color	that is awesome , do you play sports ? i love them !	yes , they play basketball . i ?
pronoun-1671	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance , like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie , do you have pets ?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	we currently reside in ohio , i are a great team .
pronoun-1672	hi how are you today ?	she am alright , how was her day ?
pronoun-1673	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are him , how is day ?
pronoun-1674	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	we miss our kids . their wife got him in the divorce
pronoun-1675	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	great , thanks . getting ready to go to work , so my wife can spend it .	oh i spend most of my time at school , when i am not in the water .	i spend most of my time playing poker . i have triplets . they are everywhere .	how sweet ! do you live on land ? i live way under the sea !	unfortunately , i live on land . i am a boat builder , a carpenter .	oh so you have legs and feet ?	i do . can i send my only girl to be a mermaid like you ?	well if you can find a sea hag to turn her into one .	wonder if that is what my mother in law is ?	no mother in laws i hear are far worse .	they are . i have had two of them .	i have two ? do you have two wives ?
pronoun-1676	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was him day ?
pronoun-1677	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	i am going for a horse ride tomorrow . do you like horses ?	i never have juice , just water .	is that hard for you ? i love sugar	yes we do we work on the baby floor an they want no kids lol
pronoun-1678	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav	nothing like a fresh home cooked meal especially garden fresh	i work at a grocery so no need for a garden here lol	yea you is gmo there a lot
pronoun-1679	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts ?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike ?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you like to cook ? i will try any kind of food at least once	i can do it but not my passion . do you know barry manila ?	barry manilow you mean ? yes i know of him	i like him a lot . my favorite by far	i have a weird sticker of barry	oh yeah what is it of ?	an weird sticker of an album cover	that is cool . do him have pets ?
pronoun-1680	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	you either they drive a forklift in a warehouse where they work .
pronoun-1681	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is her meal . what kind of fish ?
pronoun-1682	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	she am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .
pronoun-1683	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	hi ! he drive a ford truck ! what o he drive ?
pronoun-1684	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . they am more of a soft rock guy .
pronoun-1685	hey , want to go play some frisbee with me ? ? ?	sure , sounds fun . what is my name ?
pronoun-1686	hey there how is your day so far ?	it is okay , i almost ate a jam that had mango in it , i am allergic	hey there how is your day so far ?	me is okay , they almost ate a jam that had mango in you , he am allergic
pronoun-1687	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	he am good . how is the weather ?
pronoun-1688	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?	i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single	i see . well my family is in arkansas . i live in chicago in an apartment .	cool , do you like it there ?	yes i do . my two brothers live with me .	i want to visit there so bad	you is very windy ! that is why you is called the windy city !
pronoun-1689	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives .	like scary movies ? i love them	no ! i hate them !	lol well why is that ?	well because they scare me i guess .	oh i understand that i really do	do you have any pets ?	no she do not have any
pronoun-1690	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are us , how is day ?
pronoun-1691	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?	really anything , what about you ?	i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot	they am not a very active person .
pronoun-1692	i read a lot what about you ?	he am a gardener , she love plants
pronoun-1693	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	no . i do not have any pets but i have a sister .	my cats are named sam and max . my dog is named sue	oh that cool you have 2 pets . do you have any siblings ?	no siblings . they spend your spare time exercising and writing diet cookbooks .
pronoun-1694	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	your favorite singer is michael jackson .
pronoun-1695	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	yeah good thing you played recently	yeah , he will be back on his feet and playing again in no time !
pronoun-1696	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major drought and an onslaught of fires	ohhhh nooo i will send you the snow !	they gladly accept him offer .
pronoun-1697	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	i like to play poker in my leisure time . what do you like to do .	i write spicy romance novels , the research keeps me busy .	i like to run . it is a great stress reliever	i need to start running again . how far do you run each week ?	i run 2 or 3 miles every day	wow ! fantastic . you am lucky there is a beach for us to jog on .
pronoun-1698	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is his bread and butter , he like surrounding himself with music . what do him teach ?
pronoun-1699	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	i am in school still deciding	we is good to take her time to decide . what do it study ?
pronoun-1700	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	i am well , thank you . do you like politics ? i am republican and proud of it .	i like politics . i am conservative	you sound like my kind of person then ! what are your hobbies ? i love cooking and reading .	i like to read classics . i also like to travel to europe .	i wish i could travel . i cannot because i am a teacher .	what subject do you teach ?	i teach history . it has always fascinated me . do you have a family ?	yes , i have two children . how about you ?	she have a child and a loving spouse .
pronoun-1701	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	it am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .
pronoun-1702	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	i like in michigan but used to live in north dakota	i visited michigan this past summer .	cool are you religious i am jewish	i am religious , but i am christian .	my bf is from back when i was in kindergarten	that is sweet . do you play sports ?	i play softball do you play anything ?	i play racquetball and listen to the oldies .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	i do like movies , and i hope to watch many when i retire .	cool do i like to eat food ?
pronoun-1703	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall ? my life left years ago	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! she could go out on a date !
pronoun-1704	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	he bet ! whats her favorite food ?
pronoun-1705	hello , how are she tonight ?
pronoun-1706	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are you today
pronoun-1707	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away	yeah i can imagine . those are dangerous . just waite till your on your own .	i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth !	i do not blame you , i would rather go back to being a kid myself .	oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already	yeah wait as long as i can for the adult game .
pronoun-1708	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it !	that is great , the company i work for just put in keyhole gardens for the tenants	oh that is really awesome ! do we watch or play any sports ?
pronoun-1709	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	we do not . they do not want the responsibility .
pronoun-1710	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how her family raised her . he disagree , she am sure .
pronoun-1711	hi . hows your night going ?	registered nurse it s not raining fine	hi . hows your night going ?	registered nurse it s not raining fine	i am relaxing with a book . kids in bed so it it quiet	watching one tree hill is relaxing for me	i like to cook and hang out with my wife	you guys like pizza it s my favorite	of course ! its a quick easy dinner for a big family	hey you am a cat catholic devout
pronoun-1712	hi i am talking to text	hello , interesting introduction you have there	hi i am talking to text	hello , interesting introduction you have there	colors i can not see them well , my sis helps me out	that is unfortunate . what is something that you enjoy doing ?	i am a real life body builder also	that is a really cool profession ! i am studying right now to become a doctor	really ? like to read or like rabbits ?	rabbits ? yes , i do like to read but also love to shop for clothes	she love the persona of theodore roosevelt
pronoun-1713	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?	no , i was infantry . i lost my leg . do you own a horse ?	no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one .	maybe someday . this typing makes me tired .	i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired !	i just get tired from being old . what diet ?	i only eat things that i find at the beach !	tomorrow i am going to take my wheelchair to the beach . it flys on sand .	it flies ? the beach is the best place to go .	it is very fast . what do you like to do at the beach .	he like to lie on the sand and swim and ride horses at the beach .
pronoun-1714	hi there , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg .	hi there , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg .	i am lucy , college is fun coz the soccer team i was with	that sounds cool . do you have pets ? i own horses	what is a bum leg ? candy is life	i have a leg injury and i am in pain every day	i miss college though , it has been a year .	seems like she really loved college . he am about to retire
pronoun-1715	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	she am in the army . what years did her serve ?
pronoun-1716	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	it just have the two boys , and am a single mom . it do not have pets .
pronoun-1717	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	sorry late reply , got distracted by the kids they are always up to something !	how many kids do you have ?	four , they can be quite a handful , especially the younger two	god bless them . how old are they ?	12 , 9 , 6 , and 3 it spaced your out evenly !
pronoun-1718	she read a lot what about we ?
pronoun-1719	hi how are you today	doing well . how about you ?	hi how are you today	doing well . how about you ?	pretty good do him work
pronoun-1720	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well i are not good for we but we taste great ! do it like french fries ?
pronoun-1721	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do he . they also like documentaries , do i ?
pronoun-1722	hey there how are them now ?
pronoun-1723	hi . hows your night going ?	registered nurse it s not raining fine	hi . hows your night going ?	registered nurse it s not raining fine	i am relaxing with a book . kids in bed so it it quiet	watching one tree hill is relaxing for me	i like to cook and hang out with my wife	you guys like pizza it s my favorite	of course ! its a quick easy dinner for a big family	hey they am a cat catholic devout
pronoun-1724	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	great ! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think ? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .	i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny .	get out ! i do my hair too ! i like camping with friends . you ?	i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool .	great ! i like hiking in mountains with no lions . you sing ?	great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely .	yes she do . you do moms hair all the time . her happy ?
pronoun-1725	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	she go climbing but am scared of heights
pronoun-1726	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	you grew up with horses on a farm and love your . like animals ?
pronoun-1727	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	yummy . my favorite food is onions .	do you eat onions plain or mixed into to other foods ?	i like them plain and in other food . both ways are great	i do not think i would enjoy an onion plain . on a burger is great !	i agree . what do you do for fun ?	i stay at home mostly , i watch netflix like all day every day	i do not blame you . i work as a registered nurse .	so am i . but i do not like the physical activity that the job requires .	it is a lot . i have been there for so many years .	i am new to the field . do you like to watch movies and tv ?	he am not really a big fan to be honest . he ?
pronoun-1728	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	i am well , thank you . do you like politics ? i am republican and proud of it .	i like politics . i am conservative	you sound like my kind of person then ! what are your hobbies ? i love cooking and reading .	i like to read classics . i also like to travel to europe .	i wish i could travel . i cannot because i am a teacher .	what subject do you teach ?	i teach history . it has always fascinated me . do you have a family ?	yes , i have two children . how about you ?	you have a child and a loving spouse .
pronoun-1729	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	they use to work at the local carnival , she can understand a tight budget
pronoun-1730	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , his 3 kids are annoying her chasing the cat around .
pronoun-1731	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	on sundays he like to paint
pronoun-1732	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do we . they also like documentaries , do your ?
pronoun-1733	hi how are us doing tonight ?
pronoun-1734	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer !	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho ?	not like this one ! it takes the bacon right from the fridge !	ah ! what s your day job again ? lol !	i work at an engineering firm . what are you studying this semester ?	tort , constitution law , liability , and legal research	wow ! do we have much longer till him graduate ?
pronoun-1735	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	those are both fun things to do .	i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ?	i am ! unless there are any surprise siblings that i do not know about .	lucky you ! what do you do for a living ?	i work in a warehouse as a forklift operator !	that is not a bad job . i want to go to school next year .	what do you want to do at school ?	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome job ! is photography a hobby of yours ?
pronoun-1736	good evening , how are him doing today
pronoun-1737	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing your fantasy videogames relaxing
pronoun-1738	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from their run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great
pronoun-1739	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog .	you do not listen to country . he am a rap girl .
pronoun-1740	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	you am too , i really is their favorite season !
pronoun-1741	hi there , how are you ?	hey they am good how about him
pronoun-1742	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	you grew up without their mother . did them grow up with both parents ?
pronoun-1743	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?	i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie .	i can relate to dogs , because i totally used to have a tail	oh wow , one of their brothers was bought with a tail but had me removed .
pronoun-1744	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would too , i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu	awww that is so adorable . they will love them .	i am disabled , and not able to work . it makes me feel good to give back .	i like to read books and travel .	i like to listen to music .	italian is my favorite food choice if dining out .	i am vegan , and i love to bake cakes .	i love dogs , my pet is a large dog named roscoe .	i love dogs as well , and otters . they are like water dogs .	what is your favorite cake to make ?	tiramisu . him is his absolute favorite .
pronoun-1745	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .	great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ?	i have a mustang convertible and married with a son	how old is your son ?
pronoun-1746	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so he hear ! he am retiring in five years and will see for himself .
pronoun-1747	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	i am not sure what that is to be honest	it is a larp game on the internet .	she do not know what larp is
pronoun-1748	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs	that is a lot of work . when i am home , i mostly try to write	i get that i do , like bikes ?	i am sorry , are you asking if i like bikes ?	yes i am do you ride ? i do	for sure do not . the love of hobbits did not hint to that ?	what are those i am lost	lord of the rings , have you seen it ?	yes she have him must love him
pronoun-1749	hi there . how are they
pronoun-1750	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , her name is jonas , how are she doing today ?
pronoun-1751	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	i teach and travel the southern states	that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music !	i travelled to africa , spain , russia , korea , germany , bahamas ,	ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better .	i garden and it stretches for 100 feet . what are you better at ?	that is a very big garden we have there .
pronoun-1752	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	pretty good just studying and you ?	they do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do them do for fun ?
pronoun-1753	hey you love sardines for breakfast , do she ?
pronoun-1754	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	her first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .
pronoun-1755	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , we does not drive a vw . do me drive to school ?
pronoun-1756	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his loss , scum bag !	most men are . in my experience anyway	i work as a carpenter and can agree with you	lol . i did not mean to be rude .	that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking .	that is a good thing . i never started .	i quit 5 years ago , i feel pretty good now .	that is awesome . them are an inspiration , congrats .
pronoun-1757	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	they do not know but our toes bother us
pronoun-1758	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ?	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ?	i am eating cake and planning my dog obedience class tomorrow .	do she teach dogs obedience ? that is good . he am afraid of her .
pronoun-1759	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .	i wish i was handy , being a single mom and all .	i am a single parent as well . just me and my baby girl .	i would love a baby girl , it must be fun to go shopping ?	you is fun to go shopping for me
pronoun-1760	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well she are not good for her but he taste great ! do him like french fries ?
pronoun-1761	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi you blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .
pronoun-1762	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .	lol i love pizza and so do my dogs	pizza is good , i love tacos more though	what is your favorite holiday . mine christmas	i love easter but only for the spring aspect of it not religious	lol , that is a good one too all the kiddos running about	i like to see the trees turn green from nothing . it is awesome to me	i do enjoy the fall changing colors nature is beautiful	yes you is , that is why it love i state . always gorgeous here .
pronoun-1763	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . it am sorry to hear that . do it have any children
pronoun-1764	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	lucky you . i have always wanted to write a book .	what is your favorite genre ? i specialize in science fiction .	i love fantasy actually . anything to get me off planet earth . haha	totally agree . so what stocks should i buy ?	that would be insider trading i think . haha . buy google i guess !	i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock ?	oh that would be a good one . i am a horrible stock broker !	that must be why you are still there ? kidding .	haha . yeah , i have more fun i my metal band .	oh that is neat ! before her parents died a couple years back , it went to shows .
pronoun-1765	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?	i train dogs for a living . i love helping them be the best dog they can be	that is great . i am more of a wondering singer . folk songs are my favorite .	i need to get some folk tune in my obedience school .	i could teach you some . do you worry about the environment ?	of course she do . he like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth
pronoun-1766	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him , and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins , and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	he do not have on line relationships , that is so creepy .
pronoun-1767	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i can not do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	they do do that . walk your granddaughter to school everyday
pronoun-1768	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	hey there how are them we am shy
pronoun-1769	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	he will try whatever candy her have
pronoun-1770	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am fine . just playing basketball at the moment	how are you doing that and working on a hit	i am fine . just getting off work	nice where do you work	in nyc for a program that mentors troubled teens	cool i live in nyc i am in queens	what do you like to do for fun	nothing much i just play video games	i love to sing . to sing	life is the thing that is the thing and your dressed like the thing
pronoun-1771	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? we need to become friends so i can have a doctor friend !	she married ? she am with kids
pronoun-1772	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	i am thanks ! great person to listen to . my kids like him also .	my little sister does as well . i have a blog on rescue rabbits .	aww that is nice . rabbits are adorable animals .	they sure are . mine is teddy , after the president .	cute name and a great man .	he is my hero . do you have anyone you look up to ?	i can not be still so i like going on hikes .	they are fun . i am in ohio , where are you ?	for their age 40 them is nice to be able to enjoy the outdoors .
pronoun-1773	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let me see you flex then	lol i am shy i have to get to know you first	i know but they mess me up , ever been married ?	no thank god she never been
pronoun-1774	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , he love long walks , and being active in general .
pronoun-1775	hi how are they doing tonight ?
pronoun-1776	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	she do enjoy walking ! he love to put her headphones on and walk around .
pronoun-1777	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , she am not , he do have long wavy hair though !
pronoun-1778	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	pretty good just studying and you ?	they do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do it do for fun ?
pronoun-1779	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck she love dogs
pronoun-1780	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . she do as well and just graduated college .
pronoun-1781	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is their favorite musician ? yours is john denver
pronoun-1782	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	i like to dance in my spare time .	she love painting portraits in his spare time
pronoun-1783	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	teaching is great . my family lives right around the corner from me .	i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ?	we love to go hunting together . i typically drive my ford truck	cool . i like to cook and read books .	reading is relaxing . we are quite conservative	conservative is good . what else do them like to do ?
pronoun-1784	hello , how are it you evening ?
pronoun-1785	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where you work
pronoun-1786	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin she enjoy the cold and snow . do he like the snow ?
pronoun-1787	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet .	interesting , we came back from your brother wedding .
pronoun-1788	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	just work part time for the restaurant his mother owns .
pronoun-1789	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	i have a sister and a brother . do you ?	i have one brother , i am the baby of the family .	that is fun ! i am the middle child . 24 . how old are you ?	oh wow youre young , i am 29 lol	i guess i am ! i do coding and web design work . what about you ?	that sounds like fun . i am an animal care tech	i love animals . i have two dogs . what about you ?	so do i . i have two cats but am constantly fostering all types of animals	that is great . it must be a very kind person
pronoun-1790	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever him takes for him
pronoun-1791	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . she work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .
pronoun-1792	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , you do not . you like me hot .
pronoun-1793	hello how are i i evening ?
pronoun-1794	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island .	wow i bet that is nice . i love my hot rod	oh yeah ? the thing i love is dancing .	she have two left feet no dancing with him
pronoun-1795	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am allergic to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .	sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it .	can you craft me a client who is both rich and innocent ?	unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child .	i went to school on a reservation part time , and the rest was my mother .	very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better !	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .	that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say .	i assume that includes you . haha .	oh yes . well , he like to think so !
pronoun-1796	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs	that is a lot of work . when i am home , i mostly try to write	i get that i do , like bikes ?	i am sorry , are you asking if i like bikes ?	yes i am do you ride ? i do	for sure do not . the love of hobbits did not hint to that ?	what are those i am lost	lord of the rings , have you seen it ?	yes you have you must love them
pronoun-1797	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	it am a civil engineer , it ?
pronoun-1798	hey there how are him now ?
pronoun-1799	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	ride my horses around the ranch and take photos .	that sounds wonderful . i get out and walk a little everyday	i do too . it is what keeps me young .	how far do they walk ? you try at least a mile .
pronoun-1800	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . she wish she were older some days .
pronoun-1801	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	he love cooking ! and , he am pretty good at he , too ! that explains the extra pounds !
pronoun-1802	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! our dad teaches your so you started young . we am only 12 .
pronoun-1803	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	hi ! you drive a ford truck ! what o him drive ?
pronoun-1804	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	she am what her would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion
pronoun-1805	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do you get good tips ?	do not really know yet . no one has complained about my hair cuts yet .	that is good . i have pets who would complain everytime	i have exotic fish . what kind of pets do you have	there are multiple cats and one dog name skinner	we cant let your cats anywhere near my aquarium . what do you like to eat ?	i am big into dieting and writing diet cook books so a variety	i am a creature of habit . granola and breakfast go together .	absolutely ! do he exercise to go with him ?
pronoun-1806	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	pretty good , i am playing call of duty .	do you like playing games ?	yeah , it helps me with doing surgery .	ah , are him a doctor ?
pronoun-1807	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	he am a nurse , your mom is also a nurse , an army nurse
pronoun-1808	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall ? my life left years ago	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! this could go out on a date !
pronoun-1809	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe she should listen to his favorite band .
pronoun-1810	hey there like dogs ? i have a big 1	hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny .	hey there like dogs ? i have a big 1	hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny .	cool , like to walk ? i really like to walk	yes , what about other sports ? what others do you like ?	i like to travel , do you like to travel ?	yes , i travelled to spain in high school but then my best friend took my boyfriend .	whoa , i hope you beat her ass	haha , nah , he and i were starting to grow apart but i stopped talking to her .	i bet you did that is why i do not deal	what do you mean , deal ?	i do not deal with people or friends , what do you like to eat ?	so it must be lonely then ?
pronoun-1811	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .	what do they do when them go out ? he go to the gym and play racquetball .
pronoun-1812	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	we grew up without your mother . did this grow up with both parents ?
pronoun-1813	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well she have learned to pick his battles
pronoun-1814	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living ? any food allergies ?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer , the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely , i do not do volunteer work yet , too busy .	that is fine you like riding your bike in the mountains .
pronoun-1815	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?	that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo	i am sorry i do not understand what you are saying .	it s ok you understand me pretty soon	well i like to spend time player poker when i am not with my wife and kids .	healthcare is where my mom works at	i work as a carpenter now that i have recovered from my alcohol addiction .	that is so cool do you hiking and come with me next time	i do not have a lot of friends , so maybe i will .	that s ok girl you will make a new friend stan
pronoun-1816	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	well i am in high school so all the basics	ah . she see , it am taking classes to become a teacher yourself .
pronoun-1817	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	it am in ohio what about she
pronoun-1818	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .	that is cool ! do me visit you often ?
pronoun-1819	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what is up your man ?
pronoun-1820	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . it am 20 years old . how about we ?
pronoun-1821	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	hi , you love ralph our dog , sister lives with them also
pronoun-1822	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am fine . just playing basketball at the moment	how are you doing that and working on a hit	i am fine . just getting off work	nice where do you work	in nyc for a program that mentors troubled teens	cool i live in nyc i am in queens	what do you like to do for fun	nothing much i just play video games	i love to sing . to sing	life is the thing that is the thing and your dressed like the thing
pronoun-1823	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ?	fantasy also and true crime . i also ran a blog about rabbits .	i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons .	her can totally do i ! how old are we ?
pronoun-1824	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	i only have one , my kindergarteners are a handful and then some .	oh so you are a teacher	i am , i graduated two years ago .	i should look into that . i am tired of working so hard	this is hard work too , and the pay is not great . i have roommates .	well maybe i will become a fantasy writer then	that sounds great , i love comicon	me too ! i am always watching the lord of the rings	my favorite is captain america , i too would start a civil war over bucky .	ooh . we like the hulk
pronoun-1825	hello how are me i day . just got out of school
pronoun-1826	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi he am retired she use to be a banker
pronoun-1827	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island	oh cool , that sounds really exciting and expensive	not expensive time consuming but i love it	writing sounds exciting , living on an island sounds expensive lol	you mean the island , yes its beautiful , yes it was a little pricey	her books must sell really well . she need to get in on that
pronoun-1828	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , they prefer to own .
pronoun-1829	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	good for you . i am kicking back working on a romance novel i am writing .	wow you got plenty of time me always battery by cnn news	i live on a distant island and there is not much to do there .	i always try to walk each day a mile	way to go ! as i work as a writer , my days are quiet .	do you usually do it at home i do quilts for my close family	as an introvert , i write from home with my two cats around me .	how do you like doing that	it is pretty calming and keeps me out of trouble !	what other stuff do you do aside from writing	not too much , although it love to watch movies . do we like movies ?
pronoun-1830	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . we enjoy listening to you with your friends here in the sea !
pronoun-1831	hi how are me doing
pronoun-1832	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work .	oh god do not look at her mistakes we guess nice person us are .
pronoun-1833	hello hope him having a good day ? will he chat with her awhile ?
pronoun-1834	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did their husband . . they am a hippy and make their clothes
pronoun-1835	they am a life coach teacher who loves to read . i ?
pronoun-1836	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	i am good do you work	yes i work from home , do you work ?	my job is pro skating yeah	that is cool , i like playing video games a lot do you play ?	sometimes but i hate potato chips	that is cool , i like them but they can be weird . any hobbies ?	i work at hollister basically	oh that is cool . do you work fulltime ?	yeah i won 3 x games gold medals	oh that is pretty sweet , i watch a lot of sports do you ?	yeah it is nice to get away from work	yeah , my mom works a lot and i always thought i should balance more	yeah i was born with a tail	wow , her mom is a doctor and it is told about that happening .
pronoun-1837	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	i miss my kids . my wife got them in the divorce	oh they am so sorry that happened
pronoun-1838	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do me go to school there ? it am studying to be a marine biologist .
pronoun-1839	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	they could run to pa you is so close . you am a big runner
pronoun-1840	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	yeah good thing you played recently	yeah , he will be back on their feet and playing again in no time !
pronoun-1841	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science	i work in medical . you shoot them i will heal them lol	lol my mom is a doctor	that is cool . i a short one so they make fun of me at times	but why would day i have dated short ppl	i do not know that is a good question .	lol well do not mind who ever does ok	i do not i am proud of it actually means i get cute guys	lo whats good to hear	what is us favorite food , theirs is muffins
pronoun-1842	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of his family is an hour away . she moved for a better job in sales
pronoun-1843	hi there how are she tonight ?
pronoun-1844	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , it have to be good at multi tasking
pronoun-1845	hi he am from wisconsin and she do management consulting .
pronoun-1846	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh , where do you live ?	right now in ohio . originally from california . and her ?
pronoun-1847	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	i like to play poker in my leisure time . what do you like to do .	i write spicy romance novels , the research keeps me busy .	i like to run . it is a great stress reliever	i need to start running again . how far do you run each week ?	i run 2 or 3 miles every day	wow ! fantastic . he am lucky there is a beach for her to jog on .
pronoun-1848	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	probably go on a shopping spree . how about you ?	i would travel maybe go somewhere to see horses . do you do anything besides shop or nurse ?	her sister . he go shopping together .
pronoun-1849	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good we would also want to move but them is tricky for us .
pronoun-1850	hi how are you today	doing well . how about you ?	hi how are you today	doing well . how about you ?	pretty good do me work
pronoun-1851	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	good for you . i am kicking back working on a romance novel i am writing .	wow you got plenty of time me always battery by cnn news	i live on a distant island and there is not much to do there .	i always try to walk each day a mile	way to go ! as i work as a writer , my days are quiet .	do you usually do it at home i do quilts for my close family	as an introvert , i write from home with my two cats around me .	how do you like doing that	it is pretty calming and keeps me out of trouble !	what other stuff do you do aside from writing	not too much , although he love to watch movies . do him like movies ?
pronoun-1852	hi , how are you ! i am great , just getting back from the beach .	i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon .	hi , how are you ! i am great , just getting back from the beach .	i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon .	cool ! i am so hungry , looking for something healthy .	i am only 28 but i am a mamas boy who taught me to eat healthy .	i am a dads girl , nails done , hair done , and always dieting .	awesome . do you play on second life ? i do and i love it !	i also ride horses professionally .	i wish i could do that since living in texas i see them a lot .	if not , you could buy a mustang car from my dad .	that would be nice ! i think those cars are cool . old or newer versions ?	he has everything . he has classics mostly .	wow i would love to see that collection ! do you drive them ?	they have been driving since we stole one at ten years old .
pronoun-1853	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?	sometimes i sing . yeah that is life for you .	huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ?	about their parents . love beaches . your best friend took your boyfriend . we married ?
pronoun-1854	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	cool what about work ? i would love to be a chef	that sounds like a fun job , i am a doctor actually , specializing in pediatrics	wow . i expect you own a big house ? i live in a small rented appartment	yes my family owns a house , my wife and i have 2 children	what about pets ? she am terrified of dogs but bet her kids love her ?
pronoun-1855	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	oh sweet you just got their kids to bed
pronoun-1856	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his loss , scum bag !	most men are . in my experience anyway	i work as a carpenter and can agree with you	lol . i did not mean to be rude .	that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking .	that is a good thing . they never started .
pronoun-1857	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	that is cool . does she enjoy being apart of the army ?	not really . we are anti war peaceniks . i sing folk protest songs	awe i am sorry to hear that . i am sure i would enjoy the songs though	yeah i am kind of anti consumer , make my own clothes , adopt stray cats . you ?	i am an animal care tech so i foster lots of animals . adopted two cats .	do him have any hobbies ?
pronoun-1858	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	she model high end fashion and occasionally he act , too .
pronoun-1859	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	he am so over drama
pronoun-1860	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .	what do him do when me go out ? we go to the gym and play racquetball .
pronoun-1861	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is your meal . what kind of fish ?
pronoun-1862	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	well , i am in the army and i love to sing at bars . you ?	i work in a program mentoring troubled teens and i love to sing in choir	do you have any pets ?	no i do love animals though	me too ! i want a dog , but unfortunately i am allergic to them .	awe what is your favorite kind of food ? mine is italian	i will eat about anything . but i love pizza !	neato do you have any hobbies ? i have been in taekwondo classes since i was a child	that is great ! i mostly do karaoke . i work out to keep in shape though	that is nice i love working out too	what do you do other than taekwondo ?	we like to paint and travel
pronoun-1863	hello , how are she tonight ? do he have pets or children ?
pronoun-1864	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	what were you in canada for ?	my family lives there . i love the cheese soup .	i have never been . it is so far from oklahoma	i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment !	oh that must be really nice . it is beautiful there	gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here !	what do you do for work ?	i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design .	that is impressive . i am a lawyer	what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ?	he work in litigation for criminal law suits . she love rock . what about she ?
pronoun-1865	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	she am too , him really is her favorite season !
pronoun-1866	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet i too ! what is our name ?
pronoun-1867	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	i sell hamburgers and fries .	do you work full time ? are you also a student ?	i am full time . i am thinking about finishing school .	getting a degree is a good idea .	i thought it would help me get a better job .	do it know what i want to go to school for or do after ?
pronoun-1868	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	what were you in canada for ?	my family lives there . i love the cheese soup .	i have never been . it is so far from oklahoma	i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment !	oh that must be really nice . it is beautiful there	gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here !	what do you do for work ?	i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design .	that is impressive . i am a lawyer	what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ?	he work in litigation for criminal law suits . it love rock . what about them ?
pronoun-1869	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have we ever taken you to the zoo ? he love zoos !
pronoun-1870	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do she get good tips ?
pronoun-1871	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	well one of your three sisters does too and you is super smart
pronoun-1872	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . you am too busy at the gym . she go several days each week .
pronoun-1873	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are he today
pronoun-1874	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?
pronoun-1875	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	talking to a friend and petting timothy , my turtle .	cool , i have 2 dogs	i only have a turtle .	oh that is cool , need a lawyer ?	no , i am good . i have a cop and a lawyer in my family .	not as good as me , like heights ?	i love heights , roller coasters even more .	really ? lol i would never	i live near cedar point . coasters are life .	i am in oklahoma as a native american	nice , are you near broken arrow ? my folks just moved to bora bora	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach ?	you love your why your ask ?
pronoun-1876	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	those are both fun things to do .	i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ?	i am ! unless there are any surprise siblings that i do not know about .	lucky you ! what do you do for a living ?	i work in a warehouse as a forklift operator !	that is not a bad job . i want to go to school next year .	what do you want to do at school ?	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome job ! is photography a hobby of theirs ?
pronoun-1877	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	i can not watch news for that reason ever been to jail i was for stealing	no i have not but i care a lot about politics .	cool his good friend took her boyfriend way from her back in high school
pronoun-1878	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi he blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .
pronoun-1879	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	she miss his kids . her wife got him in the divorce
pronoun-1880	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes he should , but his three kids like junk food lol
pronoun-1881	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .	that is cool ! do they visit him often ?
pronoun-1882	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	well i am in high school so all the basics	ah . they see , they am taking classes to become a teacher themselves .
pronoun-1883	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	we enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety
pronoun-1884	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him , and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins , and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	she do not have on line relationships , that is so creepy .
pronoun-1885	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	he love dancing ! what did she take in college ?
pronoun-1886	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	i am tired as heck , like the cold ?	is your name tara by any chance	lol no like cheese ? you do
pronoun-1887	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	i am not sure what that is to be honest	it is a larp game on the internet .	it do not know what larp is
pronoun-1888	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing your fantasy videogames relaxing
pronoun-1889	hi how are you today ?	they am alright , how was your day ?
pronoun-1890	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	simple plan band is what energize me	they love your where you live i do not play me on the radio in ohio
pronoun-1891	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	simple plan band is what energize me	she love her where he live she do not play him on the radio in ohio
pronoun-1892	they am a life coach teacher who loves to read . him ?
pronoun-1893	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are her doing
pronoun-1894	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	i like to dance in my spare time .	she love painting portraits in your spare time
pronoun-1895	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	exhausted lol . just got home from school , getting the boys settled .	oh are you a parent ?	yes i am , i have 2 boys . how about you ?	nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica	nice , my favorite actually . i listen while while practicing haircuts in school	so she want to be a hair stylist ?
pronoun-1896	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	that sounds nice ! i am a nurse who loves zoos and teddy bears .	aww do you collect teddy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them	i do ! i bring them to my patients at the childrens hospital .	so nice ! do they also like ice cream ? i love it !	most of her do , yes !
pronoun-1897	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	that is cool . does she enjoy being apart of the army ?	not really . we are anti war peaceniks . i sing folk protest songs	awe i am sorry to hear that . i am sure i would enjoy the songs though	yeah i am kind of anti consumer , make my own clothes , adopt stray cats . you ?	i am an animal care tech so i foster lots of animals . adopted two cats .	do him have any hobbies ?
pronoun-1898	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	she like to dance in your spare time .
pronoun-1899	hey i m from new york how are you	i am tired i used to do military work	hey i m from new york how are you	i am tired i used to do military work	me i m singing in modeling	unfortunately i got a leg blown off i am 75	oh no i m so sorry about that do you have kids	no i get tired so fast i am glad i do not	they m not really into kids to that s why am still single
pronoun-1900	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early ?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well .	a cat had kittens in my garage but i am allergic so i am sneezing a lot today	i recently adopted one . named her arizona after my home state	the allergy meds will knock me out so i can sleep but i need to paint	really , what are we painting ?
pronoun-1901	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	what is your dogs name ? my cat is arizona	jerry . i used to live in arizona . now i am living in new york .	i like board games , do you have a hobby ?	yes , i love to sing on my modeling jobs .	i just graduated so no work yet	what is your dream job ? mine is becoming an actress .	i would like to be in real estate	that is a good job . i know someone who is a millionaire because of it !	oh that is good motivation for me	i could not do it . i will just act as a realtor when i get famous !	ha , good luck , how famous do they want to be ?
pronoun-1902	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma	yes i was on the team in college .	that is amazing . what type of music do you like ?	i like all kinds especially as a secretary	do you have a favorite tv show ?	you do not she just chat with it all
pronoun-1903	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no , thankfully i was not , it was only by gods grace	yeah that looked really baf	we guess , what is it favorite thing to do ?
pronoun-1904	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	no kidding me too ! my only complaint is the local schools .	i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now .	that is fantastic maybe you could help give me some pointers i am homeschooling my kids .	that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome .	i will give it a shot ! what do you like to do ?	drink iced tea and fish . party , hang out with friends .	sounds like a great time my severe allergy to cats keeps me home crafting .	well , i am still young enough to not worry about the long term affects of meds .	how old are it ? are your out of high school ?
pronoun-1905	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are he married ?
pronoun-1906	hello . how are you today ?	good how are you doing	hello . how are you today ?	good how are you doing	i am ok . just caught a cold . . .	that is no good . i hate getting sick .	yeah , everyone hates it . are you at work or home ?	i am at work . how about you ?	your too . lol . what do me do for living ?
pronoun-1907	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	he prefer to cook vegan food . what do he like to eat ?
pronoun-1908	hello there ! how are we today ?
pronoun-1909	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	he only have one , his kindergarteners are a handful and then some .
pronoun-1910	i sure hope you like hobbits !	he do lol do she like to be cared for ?
pronoun-1911	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	i teach and travel the southern states	that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music !	i travelled to africa , spain , russia , korea , germany , bahamas ,	ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better .	i garden and it stretches for 100 feet . what are you better at ?	that is a very big garden me have there .
pronoun-1912	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country	oh i meant how old are you ? . i am a 28 year old man .	ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ?	i like playing second life . and you ? .	i read murder mysteries and try not to think about childhood on the farm	i see . i had a lot of hair as a child . i am still quite furry .	is it blue fur ? that would be cool . its my favorite color	haha . just brown . but blue is a cool color .	so where exactly are you furry ? like all over ?	yes , pretty much . how about this ?
pronoun-1913	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , he am a meat eater . do us drive ? her car is a honda civic .
pronoun-1914	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , it am ! it spend most of her day studying .
pronoun-1915	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .	i wish i was handy , being a single mom and all .	i am a single parent as well . just me and my baby girl .	i would love a baby girl , it must be fun to go shopping ?	he is fun to go shopping for its
pronoun-1916	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	yuck indeed i despise bugs	me too ! they just make me want to scream and run . fast !	do you have any children ?	yes . four . they eat all of the bacon in the house , makes me sad . you ?	i eat my own bacon i keep them under control	too funny . i will have to learn your tricks . do you have a favorite food ?	i do not do you have a favorite color ?	anything but bug green . you must have a favorite .	blue is my favorite so i guess blue food	you are funny . listening to bach , eating bacon , without bugs . ideal !	do it like to read books ?
pronoun-1917	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	you are very athletic , but i bet that kung fu would not beat my guns	i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church !	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . he can also talk about the second ammendment and how she should not fear guns
pronoun-1918	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	i like in michigan but used to live in north dakota	i visited michigan this past summer .	cool are you religious i am jewish	i am religious , but i am christian .	my bf is from back when i was in kindergarten	that is sweet . do you play sports ?	i play softball do you play anything ?	i play racquetball and listen to the oldies .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	i do like movies , and i hope to watch many when i retire .	cool do him like to eat food ?
pronoun-1919	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of your family is an hour away . he moved for a better job in sales
pronoun-1920	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	very cool . i am watching a video of my favorite band , simple plan .	is it the video where they are wearing purple ? best color ever	i was watching the other one actually .	the one at the hospital ? i am a nurse at a pediatric one	i work at the animal shelter downtown .	i do not believe in sheltering animals . i am a catholic	sadly they need a home . we work hard to find them one .	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .	why not ? me sounds like a good plan
pronoun-1921	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	he enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .
pronoun-1922	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	do you know how to fish ? i spend a lot of time practicing the skill of fishing .	yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to fish .	i used to teach students about the world but providing for myself was more enjoyable .	do you think you will ever go back to teaching ?	i do not . exploring the world has become a greater passion to me .	i is great to help other people , though .
pronoun-1923	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	sorry late reply , got distracted by the kids they are always up to something !	how many kids do you have ?	four , they can be quite a handful , especially the younger two	god bless them . how old are they ?	12 , 9 , 6 , and 3 she spaced him out evenly !
pronoun-1924	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	me to a model is a great job they like to take care of folks .
pronoun-1925	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	she could give her a nice mohawk or other eccentric style
pronoun-1926	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well he have learned to pick your battles
pronoun-1927	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	he enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety
pronoun-1928	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	five foot and it stinks . i cannot reach anything !	do you have something there to help you ?	well she guess his dog pedro could help her
pronoun-1929	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	we go climbing but am scared of heights
pronoun-1930	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just their grandbabies . they wish they had a husband they could care for .
pronoun-1931	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	him know what would make them day feel shorter ? some good oldies music
pronoun-1932	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	that sound good , i just had a cold pepsi	eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious	great i will try that some time	red or blue ? coding is so much fun ! how old are she ? he am 22
pronoun-1933	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	pretty good , i am playing call of duty .	do you like playing games ?	yeah , it helps me with doing surgery .	ah , are he a doctor ?
pronoun-1934	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	we write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , they live on a island
pronoun-1935	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	you am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?
pronoun-1936	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	she live in ohio she am tired
pronoun-1937	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	she could run to pa him is so close . she am a big runner
pronoun-1938	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , she am not , he do have long wavy hair though !
pronoun-1939	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	i am good . just came in from a long walk with my st bernard , charlie	sounds nice . i have been working on my wooden sail boat .	oh fun ! do you mean as a craft or like , one you can sail in ?	sail in , although my day trade is carpentry . what do you do for a living ?	i am in between jobs . i took time off to travel across europe . i leave next week	that sounds like fun . she would like to take your wife and kids to europe .
pronoun-1940	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do it like to eat ?
pronoun-1941	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	hi ! you drive a ford truck ! what o we drive ?
pronoun-1942	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	i am so over drama	drama and romance goes together	sometimes . but other times its too much .	he understand , where are it from
pronoun-1943	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	she finished their bachelor degree .
pronoun-1944	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let him see him flex then
pronoun-1945	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , i does not drive a vw . do her drive to school ?
pronoun-1946	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows our day going sir
pronoun-1947	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	he took him 5 years as one year she was part time .
pronoun-1948	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , we guess . we love going to the theater for movies .
pronoun-1949	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	i want you to know that right after high school i want to dona	i am sorry but i do not understand what you mean	i meant i enlisted to the army	oo he enlisted when you was still in high school
pronoun-1950	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	you have sons . she are amazing lot of work tho
pronoun-1951	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . their dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about mine ?
pronoun-1952	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .	you can be a bodybuilder like me . then people will be scared of you	i need to build about strength that sounds good .	forget about being short . just get in good shape and you will be fine	yes , they should start working out to make ourselves stronger
pronoun-1953	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	we write the novels , she will sew quilts that expound on the themes he write about .
pronoun-1954	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music ?	yes it is different than what i used to do . retired olympian skater	that is a change ! i was in engineering but after college i switched to writing .	since i was homeschooled for skating purposes , i worked at hollister in my teens	did your parents homeschool you ?	yes i did . your was easier with your skating passion
pronoun-1955	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	that is a fine thing to do for yourself . i like pink nail polish .	oh nice . we should go some time .	are here in southern california ?	nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more	well i am getting too old for the beach but you are quite far from it .	you am old though . fat and old . trying to fix that with exercise
pronoun-1956	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! you am well . just tired after a big run they afternoon .
pronoun-1957	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe she should listen to her favorite band .
pronoun-1958	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	okay . did you and your sister start a tech company or something ?	no it am lead singer in a band
pronoun-1959	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . you have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .
pronoun-1960	hello . . . . . ? do he have advice for a guy looking for a new job ?
pronoun-1961	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson	so you like country music	all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music !	oh what kind of music do you like	but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history	i can not argue with that	her dad is only four feet tall and their mom is a genuine midget
pronoun-1962	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos	lol how is that going for you ?	its a lot better than the class i took on about chips ahoy	lol i sound hungry lol
pronoun-1963	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	they am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .
pronoun-1964	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! her dad teaches us so it started young . they am only 12 .
pronoun-1965	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	it enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety
pronoun-1966	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker	oh okay she have kids , 2 sons
pronoun-1967	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	i have never left my hometown . how old are you ?	i am 23 in law school you ?	12 . i am a student of my father , he has taught me well .	are you very good at tae kwan do ? i am quite good at law	i am a champ . but i just want to ride roller coasters . you like those ?	she do ! he love adventures of all kinds especially with her girlfriend
pronoun-1968	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	oh sweet he just got their kids to bed
pronoun-1969	hi how are it today
pronoun-1970	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins ! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day , i will ask neptune about them .	if you ever have a question about rocks , i am your person . i used to teach .	i know mainly about shells and the creatures that inhabit them .	i will learn about that one day . i am more interested in ice currently .	i have never seen ice , what is it ?	frozen water . he love exploring the arctic , ice as far as him can see .
pronoun-1971	good evening . how are you ?	i am going to the zoo tommorow .	good evening . how are you ?	i am going to the zoo tommorow .	my 2 sons love the zoo !	i also have love teddy bears and collect them .	i have a collection of fifties vintage decorations .	that sounds so cool . do you do any volunteer work ?	i eat granola for breakfast before i go to hairdresser school every day .	she prefer pancakes and whip cream
pronoun-1972	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . your dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about mine ?
pronoun-1973	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	get out ! me too ! i am an rn who loves rock .	that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult	great ! why wait though ? you think being an rn is sick ?	sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans	hmmm . i see . i just wish i can my first rn job . good luck .	good luck to you too ! do you like animals ?	no not me ! i do like clothes though .	i am not a fan of cats but i love dogs .	hmmm . i see . i do not like dogs or cats . you sing ?	she do sing , just not well ! lol
pronoun-1974	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , their name is jonas , how are i doing today ?
pronoun-1975	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to his first wife ?
pronoun-1976	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . we dream of kids to make art with .
pronoun-1977	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny	yeah , he is great , i love hot tubs better ;	same , had many fun times in them when i was younger	how old are her now ? he am 28
pronoun-1978	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	indeed ! so do you have any family ?	i have a husband and 2 kids . fun fact we are all allergic to shellfish .	i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .	are you close with your family ?	yes , not married and no kids , so my brother and mom are all i have . you ?	makes sense . they am very close with her family as well .
pronoun-1979	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	i am not sure what that is to be honest	it is a larp game on the internet .	we do not know what larp is
pronoun-1980	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	it am into horses , not much on computers , it grew up on a ranch .
pronoun-1981	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are him today
pronoun-1982	hey there how are you today ?	good evening how are you doing ?	hey there how are you today ?	good evening how are you doing ?	i love when it cools down here in cali . .	i love to listen to music ?	i am doing well an yourself ? ?	i am very short nearly five feet .	i love music , it is my escape from school .	in my family it is just my parents , my sister and myself .	that is cool . my bff is a robot	you wish we had more than one sibling .
pronoun-1983	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	sorry to hear that . she have a father only , wish he have a spouse
pronoun-1984	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	i am doing ok . just taking a quick break from studying .	he understand she all need breaks from work , he am an accountant . what do he do for fun
pronoun-1985	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana , ever had it ?	yes , i have . it is pretty tasty .	yes it is , have you ever been to my country ?	where is your country ? where are we from ?
pronoun-1986	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	my incredible right ? she am a manger consultant so growing you country is awesome
pronoun-1987	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , he am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are her ?
pronoun-1988	hello . . . . . ? do she have advice for a guy looking for a new job ?
pronoun-1989	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	get out ! me too ! i am an rn who loves rock .	that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult	great ! why wait though ? you think being an rn is sick ?	sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans	hmmm . i see . i just wish i can my first rn job . good luck .	good luck to you too ! do you like animals ?	no not me ! i do like clothes though .	i am not a fan of cats but i love dogs .	hmmm . i see . i do not like dogs or cats . you sing ?	we do sing , just not well ! lol
pronoun-1990	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	it am doing good . she finally got a moment to herself .
pronoun-1991	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	them to a model is a great job you like to take care of folks .
pronoun-1992	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	scotch goes good with anything lol .	i have a brother who likes scotch	i am an only child .	i have just the one brother and 3 sisters	do you have any pets ? i am scared of dogs .	i have a cat and a dog you would not be scared of my dog	what do you do for a living ?	they am a secretary like your mom hard living and he ?
pronoun-1993	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	you do not want to be here
pronoun-1994	hi i am talking to text	hello , interesting introduction you have there	hi i am talking to text	hello , interesting introduction you have there	colors i can not see them well , my sis helps me out	that is unfortunate . what is something that you enjoy doing ?	i am a real life body builder also	that is a really cool profession ! i am studying right now to become a doctor	really ? like to read or like rabbits ?	rabbits ? yes , i do like to read but also love to shop for clothes	you love the persona of theodore roosevelt
pronoun-1995	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker	oh okay he have kids , 2 sons
pronoun-1996	hello there ! how are her today ?
pronoun-1997	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	oh , that is horrible . my mother is a therapist maybe you should talk to her .	my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k	i like to run as well , when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice , and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video games , playing them gives me an outlet for my energy .	i dig that . i am always playing a game when i work at pet smart	i was there yesterday , with my pup .	please tell me you did not let it pee all over lane 3	no , sorry . that was not his pup . this has diapers on .
pronoun-1998	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	we wish there was a pill to make your taller . they am only five feet .
pronoun-1999	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer !	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho ?	not like this one ! it takes the bacon right from the fridge !	ah ! what s your day job again ? lol !	i work at an engineering firm . what are you studying this semester ?	tort , constitution law , liability , and legal research	wow ! do she have much longer till she graduate ?
pronoun-2000	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	they use to work at the local carnival , they can understand a tight budget
pronoun-2001	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	we love dogs . they like it better than humans at times .
pronoun-2002	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	do you know how to fish ? i spend a lot of time practicing the skill of fishing .	yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to fish .	i used to teach students about the world but providing for myself was more enjoyable .	do you think you will ever go back to teaching ?	i do not . exploring the world has become a greater passion to me .	he is great to help other people , though .
pronoun-2003	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away	yeah i can imagine . those are dangerous . just waite till your on your own .	i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth !	i do not blame you , i would rather go back to being a kid myself .	oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already	yeah wait as long as him can for the adult game .
pronoun-2004	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	we like to do chores on the farm
pronoun-2005	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . you am going to auburn for med school .
pronoun-2006	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? he played soccer in high school , he want to cook for a living
pronoun-2007	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children	no they do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . they ?
pronoun-2008	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , she swear he am exhausted
pronoun-2009	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	cool what about work ? i would love to be a chef	that sounds like a fun job , i am a doctor actually , specializing in pediatrics	wow . i expect you own a big house ? i live in a small rented appartment	yes my family owns a house , my wife and i have 2 children	what about pets ? you am terrified of dogs but bet your kids love it ?
pronoun-2010	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . she work or have any special hobbies ?
pronoun-2011	hey , how are you doing today ?
pronoun-2012	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	you do enjoy walking ! we love to put your headphones on and walk around .
pronoun-2013	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you are so welcome .	so are he . great personality
pronoun-2014	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well you are not good for they but he taste great ! do your like french fries ?
pronoun-2015	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . it work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .
pronoun-2016	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ?	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ?	i am eating cake and planning my dog obedience class tomorrow .	do them teach dogs obedience ? that is good . we am afraid of you .
pronoun-2017	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	i sell hamburgers and fries .	do you work full time ? are you also a student ?	i am full time . i am thinking about finishing school .	getting a degree is a good idea .	i thought it would help me get a better job .	do he know what you want to go to school for or do after ?
pronoun-2018	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	he like sing , she like sing very much
pronoun-2019	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	they only have two for now but it want a huge number of family
pronoun-2020	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	ok . i was struggling in my fashion designer class .	after a hard day i listen to some oldies	my folks were always out of town when i was young so i listened to their oldies .	ok , oldies and barbeque restaurants are her favorite
pronoun-2021	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice ! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool ! my daughter wants a fish tank !	are you a teacher ? i go to school myself . . . for hairdressing	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	he am really into decorating his home with vintage items from 1950 . how about herself ?
pronoun-2022	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough	sorry to hear that , did you get impacted ?	we did , but not as bad as where the hurricane originally hit	that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ?	i hang out online as much as i can	what do you do online ?	i do readings for people . and sell my spirit paintings	that is very interesting . how many people do it get a day ?
pronoun-2023	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys , 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician !	small world ! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies ?	eating pizza , and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with vintage cars .	vintage cars are beautiful . a lot of them anyway	he also like running and reading in his spare time .
pronoun-2024	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	i am wonderful . i just had a huge slice of cake to feed my cravings .	i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight	coolio ! i could use some of that . i am going g to the club tonight .	have fun ! i think i will just stay in and watch some superhero movies	after i leave , i will have to finish unpacking in my new house . yay ! ! !	unpacking is no fun .	it is not . and then tomorrow i have to go my dog school that i run	oh gosh i am so scared of dogs . how do you do it ?	i love them . they can smell fear . did you know that ?	i got bit by one when i was working at a carnival . so scary	omg . i am glad you are okay .	too bad she did not train that dog !
pronoun-2025	hello ! ! she like to make clothes ! !
pronoun-2026	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active ?	just playing sports . any sport , really .	have a favorite sport ? what is your favorite food ?	as a 22 year old woman , i can eat whatever i want .	we should go out for italian that is my favorite food	as long as some of my friends can come with . . .	sure they can come with , have you ever been to europe i want to travel there	no , sounds fun . how is the rap scene there ?	i am not sure the books i read about europe do not talk about rap	so what else interests us ?
pronoun-2027	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , he does not drive a vw . do you drive to school ?	yes , i do . a vintage beetle . it was my dads first car .	wow that is very nice ! you gives it that car ?
pronoun-2028	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are him today ?
pronoun-2029	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can .	them is crazy how quickly it have become needed .
pronoun-2030	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	she would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe she should change
pronoun-2031	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin it enjoy the cold and snow . do me like the snow ?
pronoun-2032	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work .	oh god do not look at his mistakes he guess nice person him are .
pronoun-2033	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	they do not know since it abandoned them
pronoun-2034	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	keep your head up ! work is there . have you thought about an online business ?	i would like to work more in public service like my parents .	i read fifty books a year . what kind of work you looking for ?	my mother would be proud of you , she was a teacher . i might try libraries .	public service is honorable work . i believe some positions require testing .	i think i would do well . after my divorce i started researching the peace corps .	you like politics ? you might do well there .	no politics for me . i would prefer a good heart concert instead .	hmmm . you sound conservative with a liberal vibe . why peace corps ?	my father saved a few people from fires . . . i feel some sort of calling to help people .	mothers a teacher , fathers a firefighter have you thought about being nun ?	hah ! no . why did you quit being a republican ?	your president put women back in caves . that is sad .	truly is . them want to save the world with us ?
pronoun-2035	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . they helped my brother a lot when he had a broken leg .	so nice to hear ! i have only broken my hand once before .	it happened when my father and brother went skiing . i would rather eat sushi	sushi is my second favorite , behind my number one pizza	i make vegan pizza and sushi among other vegan dishes .	i cook mine at home while watching one tree hill . love that show .	i like xbox workout programs and youtube . hardly watch tv anymore	i do not blame you . cable is way too expensive .	although they do watch local news streaming via facebook .
pronoun-2036	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . him ?
pronoun-2037	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! his dad teaches him so he started young . she am only 12 .
pronoun-2038	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . we can do his hair before a show . hair stylist here haha
pronoun-2039	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	oh , are you writing a book	yes , you write sci fi . do her enjoy reading ?
pronoun-2040	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	i am in school still deciding	him is good to take him time to decide . what do him study ?
pronoun-2041	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	oh okay . i am a good cook too !	cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden	great ! hi dave . you own or rent your home ? i rent .	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often	hmmm . any peas in that garden professor dave ?	yes green peas . i grow a lot of those	wow ! you have dogs dave ?	no , he am a aquarium type of guy
pronoun-2042	hello . how are you today ?	good how are you doing	hello . how are you today ?	good how are you doing	i am ok . just caught a cold . . .	that is no good . i hate getting sick .	yeah , everyone hates it . are you at work or home ?	i am at work . how about you ?	you too . lol . what do her do for living ?
pronoun-2043	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , she am a meat eater . do him drive ? his car is a honda civic .
pronoun-2044	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	they am into horses , not much on computers , we grew up on a ranch .
pronoun-2045	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country	oh i meant how old are you ? . i am a 28 year old man .	ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ?	she like playing second life . and he ? .
pronoun-2046	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?	anything science . do you have pets ?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ?	i would like to have a high paying job . i am stuck at burger king for now .	that is a good goal . a good paying job would help her get to europe too .
pronoun-2047	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	under the sea is where i live .	sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan .	i am an explorer and i consider sea creatures to be my friends .	ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer .	manhattan will definitely be a culture shock .	true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?	i am not much of a singer either .	what do you like , except school and sea creatures ?	they enjoy having dinner with your family , how about your ?
pronoun-2048	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	oh , are you writing a book	yes , we write sci fi . do me enjoy reading ?
pronoun-2049	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	i have a sister and a brother . do you ?	i have one brother , i am the baby of the family .	that is fun ! i am the middle child . 24 . how old are you ?	oh wow youre young , i am 29 lol	i guess i am ! i do coding and web design work . what about you ?	that sounds like fun . i am an animal care tech	i love animals . i have two dogs . what about you ?	so do i . i have two cats but am constantly fostering all types of animals	that is great . you must be a very kind person
pronoun-2050	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so they hear ! they am retiring in five years and will see for yourselves .
pronoun-2051	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	it use to draw a lot right now they sont really have a hobbie
pronoun-2052	hi how are we today
pronoun-2053	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	i crunch numbers like i like my bacon	good way to crunch numbers and bacon .	yeah i work it off by hiking on weekends with the dog	my kindergarten kids keep me busy .	i am traveling to tennessee next week to visit family	enjoy your visit and safe travels .	luckily my civic gets great mileage	with gas prices like they are we all need cars with great mileage .	coming from the top of ohio u are not joking	did she go to college ? they went to university of mississippi .
pronoun-2054	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	it am a pediatrician and a carnivore . her ?
pronoun-2055	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	she cannot have a dog because of allergies . do she own a dog .
pronoun-2056	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past	oh . i own a dieting business that is very successful .	that is very nice . what kind of diets ?	to keep the pounds away ! i exercise for long hours and enjoy it .	do you eat anything special for it ?	oh yeah . i go so far as to write diet cookbooks .	what are you principles you stick too ?	mainly just to be as healthy as i can possibly be . how about you ?	not to big on it these days . pretty much just watch what i am eating really	he understand . she can definitely be hard to keep up with !
pronoun-2057	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	ride my horses around the ranch and take photos .	that sounds wonderful . i get out and walk a little everyday	i do too . it is what keeps me young .	how far do she walk ? she try at least a mile .
pronoun-2058	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does our family enjoy it music ?
pronoun-2059	hi there how are we tonight
pronoun-2060	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . she sometimes do graphic design for fashion .
pronoun-2061	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side , lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no , she am not into self photography like most narcissists .
pronoun-2062	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	awesome , of what sports ? i am a doc .	i especially like watching soccer games . how about you ?	i do not like sports at all	i am sure you went to college i did also .	yes i did . especially being a doctor .	i thought so , i will be getting married soon . how about you ?	i am not married as of yet , really into my body .	gotcha , nothing wrong with that . i am just a big sports fan i played in high school .	what did him play ? his mom has a cool job also .
pronoun-2063	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice ! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool ! my daughter wants a fish tank !	are you a teacher ? i go to school myself . . . for hairdressing	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	they am really into decorating her home with vintage items from 1950 . how about herself ?
pronoun-2064	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	simple plan band is what energize it
pronoun-2065	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? you need to become friends so it can have a doctor friend !
pronoun-2066	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , she have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . she am nurses aide . her ?
pronoun-2067	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol	are you allergic to crickets ? lol	fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere ! that would be a bad allergy !	yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting ! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby ! she spend their time playing ultimate frisbee
pronoun-2068	hello , how are her tonight ?
pronoun-2069	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are he doing right now ? she am watching the game
pronoun-2070	hello , how are he tonight ?
pronoun-2071	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	we just have the two boys , and am a single mom . i do not have pets .
pronoun-2072	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	their first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .
pronoun-2073	hello ! what are you up to this evening ?	just finished a poker night with my friends , you ?	hello ! what are you up to this evening ?	just finished a poker night with my friends , you ?	spending time with their husband and kids whom we love a lot .
pronoun-2074	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	just work part time for the restaurant our mother owns .
pronoun-2075	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	they like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .
pronoun-2076	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana , ever had it ?	yes , i have . it is pretty tasty .	yes it is , have you ever been to my country ?	where is our country ? where are me from ?
pronoun-2077	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	she am in ohio what about she
pronoun-2078	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	sorry to hear that . we have a father only , wish we have a spouse
pronoun-2079	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	we am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .
pronoun-2080	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	my favorite singer is michael jackson .	he is was very good . i like him too	do her like to drink scotch ?
pronoun-2081	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good he would also want to move but us is tricky for him .
pronoun-2082	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh , where do you live ?	right now in ohio . originally from california . and them ?
pronoun-2083	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?
pronoun-2084	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?	no , i was infantry . i lost my leg . do you own a horse ?	no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one .	maybe someday . this typing makes me tired .	i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired !	they just get tired from being old . what diet ?
pronoun-2085	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college	i am a finish carpenter , i come in and do that detail work . lonely job .	interesting ! i guess you are into nature ! i have a big garden and i love it !	it is okay . my wife and kids are always hiking and fishing .	nice ! do you have any hobbies ? i love walking	poker and scratching the dog is about you . what do we do for a living ?
pronoun-2086	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?	i am not sure yet . depends on how tonight goes .	ok well let me know	you sure will . do your have any plans for tonight ?
pronoun-2087	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living ? any food allergies ?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer , the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely , i do not do volunteer work yet , too busy .	that is fine you like riding your bike in the mountains .
pronoun-2088	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	they call me tat because of all mt tattoos	where are you from ? i grew up in south carolina	i was born in arkansas but i now live in chicago	did you got to college there ?	yes i am in school now while working part time as a batista	i graduated recently . from usc . my parents pushed me into it , wanted better	well i am proud of you . i am getting my masters in music	music is great ! my mom teaches that . my dad just tends the farm	yes i play for money outside our small apartment	do you play with other musicians ?	yes you play in a band called the chi town south siders
pronoun-2089	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more their spiritual guide .
pronoun-2090	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	oh , cool . so do you work in a hospital ?	no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww , that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right , i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ?	he enjoy web design , he love him . she could never knit .
pronoun-2091	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	her either you drive a forklift in a warehouse where they work .
pronoun-2092	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	oh neat ! how motivating . i just got back from a wedding	that is fun ! whose wedding did you go to ?	it was my brother ! crazy . so what hobbies do you enjoy	not much . i work at a hospital so i do not have much time .	oh that sounds busy ! i just graduated and do not have a job yet	what did us graduate for ?
pronoun-2093	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .	that is great ! i love titanic i have seen it more than 9 times .	that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite	she like to build model cars but want to build a model of the ship
pronoun-2094	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	we am so over drama
pronoun-2095	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories .	i am a expert in skating yes i know l . o . l sorry for the slowness .	no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher .	so cool sounds like your parents are nice , i can not eat chips .	really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol .	love is something but a gift right . you still love .	yeah . it is hard to forget him even though we are divorced .	oh they am so sorry to hear that us will be okay .
pronoun-2096	what is your favorite food ?	i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ?	what is your favorite food ?	i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ?	i love pizza and ice cream .	pizza is so good . my four ex husbands hated it but i love it .	my favorite part of the day is watching tv with my husband	my favorite part is when i find a civil war antique , they are so unique	i love to stay home and sell antiques online .	my three widows used to sell my civil war antiques online for me too	i need to to walk more . do you like sports ?	i like soccer , i sometimes fake a british accent to sound more attractive like david beckham	that is so funny ! do you do any other impersonations ?	i have a few that i enjoy doing but no one to try them out to anymore	you am sorry to hear that is their fear
pronoun-2097	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , their 3 kids are annoying us chasing the cat around .
pronoun-2098	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	under the sea is where i live .	sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan .	i am an explorer and i consider sea creatures to be my friends .	ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer .	manhattan will definitely be a culture shock .	true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?	i am not much of a singer either .	what do you like , except school and sea creatures ?	he enjoy having dinner with his family , how about she ?
pronoun-2099	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	that is a fine thing to do for yourself . i like pink nail polish .	oh nice . we should go some time .	are here in southern california ?	nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more	well i am getting too old for the beach but you are quite far from it .	she am old though . fat and old . trying to fix that with exercise
pronoun-2100	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	i am the singer in a super popular band .	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover .	haha you seems very funny .	i will tell you i have three sisters .	i wish i have a sister . i have two brothers only .	i did not finish high school to follow my dreams . dropped out .	in my opinion you need high school .	i can always fall back on truck driving .	truck drives making good money .	her dad drove semi when he was younger .
pronoun-2101	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	exhausted lol . just got home from school , getting the boys settled .	oh are you a parent ?	yes i am , i have 2 boys . how about you ?	nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica	nice , my favorite actually . i listen while while practicing haircuts in school	so you want to be a hair stylist ?	i am in school for it yes . what do you do ?	we am a consultant . for business management
pronoun-2102	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	no . i do not have any pets but i have a sister .	my cats are named sam and max . my dog is named sue	oh that cool you have 2 pets . do you have any siblings ?	no siblings . she spend her spare time exercising and writing diet cookbooks .
pronoun-2103	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . me still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .
pronoun-2104	hello ! how are you today ?	it am okay . missing home today . he am part of the army . currently in south korea
pronoun-2105	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active ?	just playing sports . any sport , really .	have a favorite sport ? what is your favorite food ?	as a 22 year old woman , i can eat whatever i want .	we should go out for italian that is my favorite food	as long as some of my friends can come with . . .	sure they can come with , have you ever been to europe i want to travel there	no , sounds fun . how is the rap scene there ?	i am not sure the books i read about europe do not talk about rap	so what else interests him ?
pronoun-2106	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there you am great eating a snack and us ?
pronoun-2107	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am he tired ! just got done hunting . how are him ?
pronoun-2108	hi there how are you doing today	i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten	hi there how are you doing today	i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten	that is awesome hard to find friends like that	it is . we have traveled and studied across seas together too	what things do you guys like to do	well , we are both jewish from north dakota . we just like to have fun	never been there . are there any good colleges there ?	not really , hence why we studied abroad	lol well i guess i am not looking there	haha ! so tell me more about you	our aunt and uncle raised and this like our parents wanna see your go far
pronoun-2109	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	my favorite singer is michael jackson .	he is was very good . i like him too	do it like to drink scotch ?
pronoun-2110	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	i live with my cat and dogs . you have pets ?	my cat . she is a siamese .	i see . my three children are grown .	i do love cooking for my kids tho .	hmmm . what is your specialty dish ?	pork chops . sadly i cook alot and not work out as i should .	wow ! i work with people society has thrown away .	do you enjoy that kind of work ?	yes ! they give me life . i make them feel valued . you sing ?	i do not sing , sadly .	oh okay . him children sing ? she am not looking to make new friends .
pronoun-2111	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights	you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know ? i am trying so hard to lose weight	food is just like drugs . you have to say no !	yeah , sadly she am not very good at saying no . he m even a good cook
pronoun-2112	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . they sometimes do graphic design for fashion .
pronoun-2113	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , you do not . you like us hot .
pronoun-2114	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are he today
pronoun-2115	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early ?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well .	a cat had kittens in my garage but i am allergic so i am sneezing a lot today	i recently adopted one . named her arizona after my home state	the allergy meds will knock me out so i can sleep but i need to paint	really , what are she painting ?
pronoun-2116	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , this had a graduation party from college for us .
pronoun-2117	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	i have never left my hometown . how old are you ?	i am 23 in law school you ?	12 . i am a student of my father , he has taught me well .	are you very good at tae kwan do ? i am quite good at law	i am a champ . but i just want to ride roller coasters . you like those ?	we do ! you love adventures of all kinds especially with their girlfriend
pronoun-2118	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	we am what your would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion
pronoun-2119	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	that is always nice , like projects ?	what kind of projects do you mean ?	like the kind that need trash	interesting , do you have a job ?	she do but we is nasty she clean out cages
pronoun-2120	hello she am a real estate agent in canada where are we ?
pronoun-2121	hi there how are you doing today	i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten	hi there how are you doing today	i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten	that is awesome hard to find friends like that	it is . we have traveled and studied across seas together too	what things do you guys like to do	well , we are both jewish from north dakota . we just like to have fun	never been there . are there any good colleges there ?	not really , hence why we studied abroad	lol well i guess i am not looking there	haha ! so tell me more about you	her aunt and uncle raised and she like his parents wanna see him go far
pronoun-2122	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california ?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	they was a teacher than ice became more interesting
pronoun-2123	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating	where is your favorite place to surf in ca ?	surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well	interesting . i enjoy cycling and football .	i cycled once . i was not very good	are us ready for the cold and snow in ny ?
pronoun-2124	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre you have never heard of you
pronoun-2125	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer !	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho ?	not like this one ! it takes the bacon right from the fridge !	ah ! what s your day job again ? lol !	i work at an engineering firm . what are you studying this semester ?	tort , constitution law , liability , and legal research	wow ! do we have much longer till she graduate ?
pronoun-2126	hi how are us today
pronoun-2127	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . we also love travelling . been to six countries already !
pronoun-2128	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of your family is an hour away . you moved for a better job in sales
pronoun-2129	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	my three kids would not take to that . plus my cats keep me company	yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still .	no need to stay still at my house , always something to clean or a meal to cook	since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend .	well i do work all day and get payed well . . . so cash is not what i need	i would like to give you what you need if i can .	and i would like to bake you a fresh pie covered in whipped cream	i am on my knees stacy praying , i want to be there for you , grow old together .	well we am not poly so we am going to have to decline
pronoun-2130	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . i helped your brother a lot when you had a broken leg .
pronoun-2131	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .	yeah got to stay on the grind	do you have any fun plans for the weekend ?	nah mostly studying but looking at a little tv for downtime	ah yeah , that sounds about right for us as well .
pronoun-2132	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	very well thank you , now that my neighbor rid my yard of the snake .	ew ! one of my three dogs would have been able to catch the snake .	i am terrified of them and spiders .	i do not like them either . what do you do for work ?	i am an engineer , boring stuff .	he am a hair dresser . he love he ! he get to be very creative !
pronoun-2133	she am a life coach teacher who loves to read . him ?
pronoun-2134	hey there like dogs ? i have a big 1	hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny .	hey there like dogs ? i have a big 1	hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny .	cool , like to walk ? i really like to walk	yes , what about other sports ? what others do you like ?	i like to travel , do you like to travel ?	yes , i travelled to spain in high school but then my best friend took my boyfriend .	whoa , i hope you beat her ass	haha , nah , he and i were starting to grow apart but i stopped talking to her .	i bet you did that is why i do not deal	what do you mean , deal ?	i do not deal with people or friends , what do you like to eat ?	so it must be lonely then ?
pronoun-2135	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough	sorry to hear that , did you get impacted ?	we did , but not as bad as where the hurricane originally hit	that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ?	i hang out online as much as i can	what do you do online ?	i do readings for people . and sell my spirit paintings	that is very interesting . how many people do it get a day ?
pronoun-2136	hi , how are you ! i am great , just getting back from the beach .	i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon .	hi , how are you ! i am great , just getting back from the beach .	i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon .	cool ! i am so hungry , looking for something healthy .	i am only 28 but i am a mamas boy who taught me to eat healthy .	i am a dads girl , nails done , hair done , and always dieting .	awesome . do you play on second life ? i do and i love it !	i also ride horses professionally .	i wish i could do that since living in texas i see them a lot .	if not , you could buy a mustang car from my dad .	that would be nice ! i think those cars are cool . old or newer versions ?	he has everything . he has classics mostly .	wow i would love to see that collection ! do you drive them ?	she have been driving since he stole one at ten years old .
pronoun-2137	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	3 and a wife but you is at work
pronoun-2138	hello ! tell her about myself ?
pronoun-2139	hey there how are you today ?	good evening how are you doing ?	hey there how are you today ?	good evening how are you doing ?	i love when it cools down here in cali . .	i love to listen to music ?	i am doing well an yourself ? ?	i am very short nearly five feet .	i love music , it is my escape from school .	in my family it is just my parents , my sister and myself .	that is cool . my bff is a robot	they wish it had more than one sibling .
pronoun-2140	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	well , do you go outside ? i love playing ultimate frisbee	no i do not i stay inside and watch movies all the time	sounds kind of boring , do your have any pets ? we have a turtle , your name is tim
pronoun-2141	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	simple plan band is what energize me	we love it where they live you do not play her on the radio in ohio
pronoun-2142	hi how are you today ?	she am alright , how was their day ?
pronoun-2143	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	lucky you . i have always wanted to write a book .	what is your favorite genre ? i specialize in science fiction .	i love fantasy actually . anything to get me off planet earth . haha	totally agree . so what stocks should i buy ?	that would be insider trading i think . haha . buy google i guess !	i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock ?	oh that would be a good one . i am a horrible stock broker !	that must be why you are still there ? kidding .	haha . yeah , i have more fun i my metal band .	oh that is neat ! before his parents died a couple years back , she went to shows .
pronoun-2144	hey , want to go play some frisbee with me ? ? ?	sure , sounds fun . what is her name ?
pronoun-2145	hi there , how is it going ?	hello , i am great , watching captain america	hi there , how is it going ?	hello , i am great , watching captain america	do you have any pets ?	i do not , do you ? i did used to have an elephant a long time ago .	i have two huskies . joby and lily .	huskies are interesting creatures . they are always happy .	i like playing frisbee , especially with them .	that sounds fun , i should get a dog .	everyone should have a dog ! or two .	or six otters , it are adorable .
pronoun-2146	hello how are them we day . just got out of school
pronoun-2147	hey there how are you today ?	good evening how are you doing ?	hey there how are you today ?	good evening how are you doing ?	i love when it cools down here in cali . .	i love to listen to music ?	i am doing well an yourself ? ?	i am very short nearly five feet .	i love music , it is my escape from school .	in my family it is just my parents , my sister and myself .	that is cool . my bff is a robot	he wish he had more than one sibling .
pronoun-2148	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	i miss my kids . my wife got them in the divorce	oh she am so sorry that happened
pronoun-2149	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys , 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician !	small world ! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies ?	eating pizza , and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with vintage cars .	vintage cars are beautiful . a lot of them anyway	you also like running and reading in their spare time .
pronoun-2150	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . you is okay , one of the horses kicked us .
pronoun-2151	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	okay . did you and your sister start a tech company or something ?	no she am lead singer in a band
pronoun-2152	hello , did you go to the ed sheeran concert ?	no did you ? i like the band simple plan	hello , did you go to the ed sheeran concert ?	no did you ? i like the band simple plan	yes , i did . i am a huge fan ! i also play poker , lol	i am a crabby person lol i have to work early	that is why i run , lol . i am still in college .	i kind of have a crush on the bosses niece she is 25 years old	she is a little too old for you , lol wait until you are out of school .	i need to focus on a bond looks fade	yes , we do . but , it can preserve your with healthy diet and lifestyle .
pronoun-2153	hey , how are him doing today ?
pronoun-2154	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?	no i grew up on a farm and have seven kids . i am always on the road	i like to go to the karaoke bars	that sounds like fun . i read mysteries like james patterson and steven king	are we dressing up for halloween ?
pronoun-2155	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos	lol how is that going for you ?	its a lot better than the class i took on about chips ahoy	lol him sound hungry lol
pronoun-2156	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking , especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living ?	i read tarot cards and have a bunch of tattoos	oh . i am thinking about getting a tattoo .	they are addicting . you will want more and more lol	what do you do for a living ?
pronoun-2157	hi how are you today
pronoun-2158	hey i m from new york how are you	i am tired i used to do military work	hey i m from new york how are you	i am tired i used to do military work	me i m singing in modeling	unfortunately i got a leg blown off i am 75	oh no i m so sorry about that do you have kids	no i get tired so fast i am glad i do not	you m not really into kids to that s why am still single
pronoun-2159	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?	no i grew up on a farm and have seven kids . i am always on the road	i like to go to the karaoke bars	that sounds like fun . i read mysteries like james patterson and steven king	are it dressing up for halloween ?
pronoun-2160	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is their favorite musician ? theirs is john denver
pronoun-2161	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are your tonight ?
pronoun-2162	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country	oh i meant how old are you ? . i am a 28 year old man .	ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ?	i like playing second life . and you ? .	i read murder mysteries and try not to think about childhood on the farm	i see . i had a lot of hair as a child . i am still quite furry .	is it blue fur ? that would be cool . its my favorite color	haha . just brown . but blue is a cool color .	so where exactly are you furry ? like all over ?	yes , pretty much . how about i ?
pronoun-2163	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	nothing really . what are you up to ?	i was at the beach earlier , i live on this small island called edris island	i wish i had time to go to the beach	why are you so busy ?	it am always working . but he have worked there forever
pronoun-2164	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so she hear ! she am retiring in five years and will see for himself .
pronoun-2165	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?	nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking ?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe him could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?
pronoun-2166	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am well , thank you ! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ?	i am ! i love winter ! i like summer too . . . trying new bbq restaurants .	winter is my favorite , i love running in the snow .	i love playing racquetball . do you play any sports ?	i do not . i work for a consulting firm , what do you do ?	i am actually looking forward to retirement soon . only five years to go !	i cannot wait until i retire , i am going to travel .	that will be so much fun . i am looking forward to doing the same .	where are you going first ? i am on the first flight out of wisconsin .	they have not decided yet . they have always wanted to visited paris .
pronoun-2167	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	he grew up without his mother . did he grow up with both parents ?
pronoun-2168	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma	yes he was on the team in college .
pronoun-2169	hello , how are it tonight ?
pronoun-2170	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .	lol i love pizza and so do my dogs	pizza is good , i love tacos more though	what is their favorite holiday . theirs christmas
pronoun-2171	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	i am a nurse aid at a nursing home local	that is cool . i am a student attending auburn university .	what you studying ? i have a big family	i am studying to become a doctor .	cool , love riding my bike	i broke my bike . i love my volkswagen beetle .	what color is it ? i got 3 kids	it is green . i want kids when i grow up .	an now it have 6 grand kids
pronoun-2172	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , it am a catholic , do they practice ?
pronoun-2173	what is your favorite food ?	i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ?	what is your favorite food ?	i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ?	i love pizza and ice cream .	pizza is so good . my four ex husbands hated it but i love it .	my favorite part of the day is watching tv with my husband	my favorite part is when i find a civil war antique , they are so unique	i love to stay home and sell antiques online .	my three widows used to sell my civil war antiques online for me too	i need to to walk more . do you like sports ?	i like soccer , i sometimes fake a british accent to sound more attractive like david beckham	that is so funny ! do you do any other impersonations ?	i have a few that i enjoy doing but no one to try them out to anymore	she am sorry to hear that is her fear
pronoun-2174	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	he like to dance in her spare time .
pronoun-2175	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol	are you allergic to crickets ? lol	fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere ! that would be a bad allergy !	yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting ! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby ! he spend his time playing ultimate frisbee
pronoun-2176	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	they model high end fashion and occasionally he act , too .
pronoun-2177	hello , how are she tonight ? do it have pets or children ?
pronoun-2178	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are we currently reading ? you like to read about animals
pronoun-2179	good evening , hope she are well
pronoun-2180	good evening . how are you ?	i am going to the zoo tommorow .	good evening . how are you ?	i am going to the zoo tommorow .	my 2 sons love the zoo !	i also have love teddy bears and collect them .	i have a collection of fifties vintage decorations .	that sounds so cool . do you do any volunteer work ?	i eat granola for breakfast before i go to hairdresser school every day .	we prefer pancakes and whip cream
pronoun-2181	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	no kidding me too ! my only complaint is the local schools .	i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now .	that is fantastic maybe you could help give me some pointers i am homeschooling my kids .	that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome .	i will give it a shot ! what do you like to do ?	drink iced tea and fish . party , hang out with friends .	sounds like a great time my severe allergy to cats keeps me home crafting .	well , i am still young enough to not worry about the long term affects of meds .	how old are we ? are i out of high school ?
pronoun-2182	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music ?	yes it is different than what i used to do . retired olympian skater	that is a change ! i was in engineering but after college i switched to writing .	since i was homeschooled for skating purposes , i worked at hollister in my teens	did your parents homeschool you ?	yes she did . she was easier with her skating passion
pronoun-2183	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today ?	hi carson , got any kids ? i do 3 all girls	no , but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not , when was you born ?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you ?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .	so are you any good at multi tasking ?	not really . we am in a brace right now .
pronoun-2184	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	her favorite singer is michael jackson .
pronoun-2185	hi how are she doing
pronoun-2186	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	we will try whatever candy you have
pronoun-2187	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time , but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	they have . we choked on a chip , that is why you hate your .
pronoun-2188	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	they cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .
pronoun-2189	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	well one of your three sisters does too and you is super smart
pronoun-2190	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson	so you like country music	all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music !	oh what kind of music do you like	but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history	i can not argue with that	his dad is only four feet tall and his mom is a genuine midget
pronoun-2191	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do she have any interests besides snow ?
pronoun-2192	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what is up her man ?
pronoun-2193	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . she work on wall street as a stock broker .
pronoun-2194	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	he wish there was a pill to make her taller . he am only five feet .
pronoun-2195	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california ?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	he was a teacher than ice became more interesting
pronoun-2196	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	ride my horses around the ranch and take photos .	that sounds wonderful . i get out and walk a little everyday	i do too . it is what keeps me young .	how far do we walk ? she try at least a mile .
pronoun-2197	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	that sound good , i just had a cold pepsi	eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious	great i will try that some time	red or blue ? coding is so much fun ! how old are me ? we am 22
pronoun-2198	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .	that is great ! i love titanic i have seen it more than 9 times .	that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite	he like to build model cars but want to build a model of the ship
pronoun-2199	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?	anything science . do you have pets ?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ?	i would like to have a high paying job . i am stuck at burger king for now .	that is a good goal . a good paying job would help your get to europe too .
pronoun-2200	hello there . how are you doing ?	omg ! i love one tree hill	hello there . how are you doing ?	omg ! he love one tree hill
pronoun-2201	i read a lot what about you ?	you am a gardener , he love plants
pronoun-2202	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college	i am a finish carpenter , i come in and do that detail work . lonely job .	interesting ! i guess you are into nature ! i have a big garden and i love it !	it is okay . my wife and kids are always hiking and fishing .	nice ! do you have any hobbies ? i love walking	poker and scratching the dog is about your . what do you do for a living ?
pronoun-2203	hi ! what is your favorite sport ?	hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it .	hi ! what is your favorite sport ?	hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it .	that is nice . i like karate sports	cool . do you have any pets ? . i have three jack russell .	no pets . they want four or five dogs though
pronoun-2204	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	he enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .
pronoun-2205	hello , how are me tonight ?
pronoun-2206	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	i am well , just got off work actually !	yeah ! what do you do ? i work fast food for now .	i work as a nurse . the hours can be crazy at times , but i like it .	a nurse ? super impressive . i did not finish high school but hope to go back one day .	thank you , i love it ! you said you work fast food right now ?	yeah , it does not pay much but it is a job . what are your hobbies ?	i really enjoy cooking . what about you ?	i reside in low income housing sans gym , so i started running . i love it !	running is so good for you ! do you plan to run any marathons ?	i am currently in training for one actually ! do you have any pets or animals ?	very cool ! no animals at the moment , my work keeps me pretty busy . how about you ?	no , i do not care for them . too much work ! do you work 12 hours shifts ?	they understand that , they cannot stand cats . yep , 12 hour shifts !
pronoun-2207	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are we
pronoun-2208	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	exhausted lol . just got home from school , getting the boys settled .	oh are you a parent ?	yes i am , i have 2 boys . how about you ?	nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica	nice , my favorite actually . i listen while while practicing haircuts in school	so you want to be a hair stylist ?	i am in school for it yes . what do you do ?	he am a consultant . for business management
pronoun-2209	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	she like to do chores on the farm
pronoun-2210	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	3 and a wife but you is at work
pronoun-2211	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance , like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie , do you have pets ?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	it currently reside in ohio , we are a great team .
pronoun-2212	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	we am a civil engineer , they ?
pronoun-2213	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	3 and a wife but you is at work
pronoun-2214	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	i am in the army . what years did you serve ?	67 through 72 . will you make the army a career ?	they have not decided yet . . . us is such a big decision .
pronoun-2215	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	probably go on a shopping spree . how about you ?	i would travel maybe go somewhere to see horses . do you do anything besides shop or nurse ?	their sister . it go shopping together .
pronoun-2216	hey , how is it going ?	hello , i am exhausted . how are you doing ?	hey , how is it going ?	hello , he am exhausted . how are us doing ?
pronoun-2217	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . his dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about his ?
pronoun-2218	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating	where is your favorite place to surf in ca ?	surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well	interesting . i enjoy cycling and football .	i cycled once . i was not very good	are she ready for the cold and snow in ny ?
pronoun-2219	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , he had a graduation party from college for him .
pronoun-2220	how are you doing today	they am well and me ? we write science fiction as a hobby
pronoun-2221	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	it love cooking ! and , you am pretty good at you , too ! that explains the extra pounds !
pronoun-2222	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	romance ones are my favorite too !	yes it agree with i
pronoun-2223	hello ! what are you up to this evening ?	just finished a poker night with my friends , you ?	hello ! what are you up to this evening ?	just finished a poker night with my friends , you ?	spending time with your husband and kids whom she love a lot .
pronoun-2224	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . they helped my brother a lot when he had a broken leg .	so nice to hear ! i have only broken my hand once before .	it happened when my father and brother went skiing . i would rather eat sushi	sushi is my second favorite , behind my number one pizza	i make vegan pizza and sushi among other vegan dishes .	i cook mine at home while watching one tree hill . love that show .	i like xbox workout programs and youtube . hardly watch tv anymore	i do not blame you . cable is way too expensive .	although you do watch local news streaming via facebook .
pronoun-2225	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation	that is interesting . my job is much less exciting . i work a petsmart	oh so you get to see all those annoying animals	yeah but it just pays the bills so i can focus on my band .	what kind of music do you guys play ?	mostly rock , nirvana is a major influence on a lot of what it do .
pronoun-2226	hi there how are she doing ?
pronoun-2227	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	she write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , he live on a island
pronoun-2228	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	wow ! you still together ? i sell things i hand make on ebay . i have two children .	yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows .	how long you have been married ? i divorced because i was bored with doug .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together .	do you and your sweetheart work ? what kind of shows do you do ?	he is retired and eats chips all day . i do not like them .	that is great ! i went alone to a chance the rapper concert recently .	fun . i like to play guitar to old bluegrass tunes . do you play ?	no . what kind of chips your sweetheart like ? i make things with my hands .	doritos . are you an artist ? i love to cook as well .	no , i make jewelry from rocks . you have kids ? i have two children .	two boys over here . i would love to see what you make .	i have to move around . you like unique one of a kind jewelry ?	she do . where are he living now ? he am in the kentucky mountains .
pronoun-2229	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is your bread and butter , he like surrounding yourselves with music . what do it teach ?
pronoun-2230	hello . . . . . ? do me have advice for a guy looking for a new job ?
pronoun-2231	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	just work part time for the restaurant their mother owns .
pronoun-2232	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where we work
pronoun-2233	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer ? we brought one home once . he died though .	that is sad . i want to find lost explorers then head home .	so him are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks ?
pronoun-2234	hi there , how is it going ?	hello , i am great , watching captain america	hi there , how is it going ?	hello , i am great , watching captain america	do you have any pets ?	i do not , do you ? i did used to have an elephant a long time ago .	i have two huskies . joby and lily .	huskies are interesting creatures . they are always happy .	i like playing frisbee , especially with them .	that sounds fun , i should get a dog .	everyone should have a dog ! or two .	or six otters , you are adorable .
pronoun-2235	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his loss , scum bag !	most men are . in my experience anyway	i work as a carpenter and can agree with you	lol . i did not mean to be rude .	that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking .	that is a good thing . they never started .
pronoun-2236	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , she prefer to own .
pronoun-2237	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are she ?
pronoun-2238	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	indeed ! so do you have any family ?	i have a husband and 2 kids . fun fact we are all allergic to shellfish .	i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .	are you close with your family ?	yes , not married and no kids , so my brother and mom are all i have . you ?	makes sense . she am very close with his family as well .
pronoun-2239	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	i am thanks ! great person to listen to . my kids like him also .	my little sister does as well . i have a blog on rescue rabbits .	aww that is nice . rabbits are adorable animals .	they sure are . mine is teddy , after the president .	cute name and a great man .	he is my hero . do you have anyone you look up to ?	i can not be still so i like going on hikes .	they are fun . i am in ohio , where are you ?	for your age 40 me is nice to be able to enjoy the outdoors .
pronoun-2240	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	you am good . what is her occupation ?
pronoun-2241	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work .	oh god do not look at their mistakes she guess nice person it are .
pronoun-2242	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let them see you flex then
pronoun-2243	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	she do not know since we abandoned it
pronoun-2244	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	i am wonderful . i just had a huge slice of cake to feed my cravings .	i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight	coolio ! i could use some of that . i am going g to the club tonight .	have fun ! i think i will just stay in and watch some superhero movies	after i leave , i will have to finish unpacking in my new house . yay ! ! !	unpacking is no fun .	it is not . and then tomorrow i have to go my dog school that i run	oh gosh i am so scared of dogs . how do you do it ?	i love them . they can smell fear . did you know that ?	i got bit by one when i was working at a carnival . so scary	omg . i am glad you are okay .	too bad i did not train that dog !
pronoun-2245	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let me see you flex then	lol i am shy i have to get to know you first	i know but they mess me up , ever been married ?	no thank god we never been
pronoun-2246	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .	lol i love pizza and so do my dogs	pizza is good , i love tacos more though	what is your favorite holiday . mine christmas	i love easter but only for the spring aspect of it not religious	lol , that is a good one too all the kiddos running about	i like to see the trees turn green from nothing . it is awesome to me	i do enjoy the fall changing colors nature is beautiful	yes her is , that is why she love she state . always gorgeous here .
pronoun-2247	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	do you like to dance ? i do !	no , i do like to collect civil war antiques . i put alot of time into that .	me are ? they am a girl that is mixed .
pronoun-2248	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	i am good do you work	yes i work from home , do you work ?	my job is pro skating yeah	that is cool , i like playing video games a lot do you play ?	sometimes but i hate potato chips	that is cool , i like them but they can be weird . any hobbies ?	i work at hollister basically	oh that is cool . do you work fulltime ?	yeah i won 3 x games gold medals	oh that is pretty sweet , i watch a lot of sports do you ?	yeah it is nice to get away from work	yeah , my mom works a lot and i always thought i should balance more	yeah i was born with a tail	wow , your mom is a doctor and we is told about that happening .
pronoun-2249	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	they have a sister and a brother . do her ?
pronoun-2250	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	i am wonderful . i just had a huge slice of cake to feed my cravings .	i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight	coolio ! i could use some of that . i am going g to the club tonight .	have fun ! i think i will just stay in and watch some superhero movies	after i leave , i will have to finish unpacking in my new house . yay ! ! !	unpacking is no fun .	it is not . and then tomorrow i have to go my dog school that i run	oh gosh i am so scared of dogs . how do you do it ?	i love them . they can smell fear . did you know that ?	i got bit by one when i was working at a carnival . so scary	omg . i am glad you are okay .	too bad us did not train that dog !
pronoun-2251	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	it could run to pa us is so close . she am a big runner
pronoun-2252	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	scotch goes good with anything lol .	i have a brother who likes scotch	i am an only child .	i have just the one brother and 3 sisters	do you have any pets ? i am scared of dogs .	i have a cat and a dog you would not be scared of my dog	what do you do for a living ?	they am a secretary like your mom hard living and she ?
pronoun-2253	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are i today ?
pronoun-2254	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	you grew up with horses on a farm and love her . like animals ?
pronoun-2255	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here .	right on . i just moved to austin .	are there any good vegan restaurants there ?	i do not know . i spend to much time online with my game . i should go explore .	i spend most of my time trying to stay fit .	that is always good . i also need to do more of that .	yes , i need to go to the gym later .	i should look around cedar park for a gym .	do you listen to music at the gym ?	i will when i find one .	does their family live close to you ?
pronoun-2256	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do it like that so
pronoun-2257	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	we do not want to be here
pronoun-2258	hi are they working today ? it am going to style some dog hair
pronoun-2259	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	i am a nurse aid at a nursing home local	that is cool . i am a student attending auburn university .	what you studying ? i have a big family	i am studying to become a doctor .	cool , love riding my bike	i broke my bike . i love my volkswagen beetle .	what color is it ? i got 3 kids	it is green . i want kids when i grow up .	an now we have 6 grand kids
pronoun-2260	hi there how are him tonight ?
pronoun-2261	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side , lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no , they am not into self photography like most narcissists .
pronoun-2262	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . he am more of a soft rock guy .
pronoun-2263	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are she doing right now ? you am watching the game
pronoun-2264	hey , how is it going ?	hello , i am exhausted . how are you doing ?	hey , how is it going ?	hello , they am exhausted . how are they doing ?
pronoun-2265	hi there how are i doing ?
pronoun-2266	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , they am not , they do have long wavy hair though !
pronoun-2267	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? we need to become friends so i can have a doctor friend !	me married ? they am with kids
pronoun-2268	hi how are him today
pronoun-2269	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . they am too busy at the gym . you go several days each week .
pronoun-2270	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is cool , i am currently building a tree house in my spare time	do you have any kids ? i would love to build a tree house for my kids	i do , i am divorced but have some great kids	they see , he am married yourself but they always wanted to have a big family
pronoun-2271	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic	now that i skateboard professionally , i have what i need right at home .	ever skated new york ? you am moving there next year .
pronoun-2272	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	what is your dogs name ? my cat is arizona	jerry . i used to live in arizona . now i am living in new york .	i like board games , do you have a hobby ?	yes , i love to sing on my modeling jobs .	i just graduated so no work yet	what is your dream job ? mine is becoming an actress .	i would like to be in real estate	that is a good job . i know someone who is a millionaire because of it !	oh that is good motivation for me	i could not do it . i will just act as a realtor when i get famous !	ha , good luck , how famous do you want to be ?
pronoun-2273	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	pretty good , i am playing call of duty .	do you like playing games ?	yeah , it helps me with doing surgery .	ah , are her a doctor ?
pronoun-2274	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science	i work in medical . you shoot them i will heal them lol	lol my mom is a doctor	that is cool . i a short one so they make fun of me at times	but why would day i have dated short ppl	i do not know that is a good question .	lol well do not mind who ever does ok	i do not i am proud of it actually means i get cute guys	lo whats good to hear	what is his favorite food , theirs is muffins
pronoun-2275	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?	i train dogs for a living . i love helping them be the best dog they can be	that is great . i am more of a wondering singer . folk songs are my favorite .	i need to get some folk tune in my obedience school .	i could teach you some . do you worry about the environment ?	of course he do . he like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth
pronoun-2276	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	on sundays they like to paint
pronoun-2277	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance , like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie , do you have pets ?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	she currently reside in ohio , she are a great team .
pronoun-2278	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	she love dogs . he like him better than humans at times .
pronoun-2279	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	he am very lucky she live beside the beach . what do he do for a living
pronoun-2280	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side , lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no , it am not into self photography like most narcissists .
pronoun-2281	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	i am great i am usually crabby	sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat that cheers me up	i love animals they are great company	they sure are . what do you do for fun	they listen to a band after work
pronoun-2282	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !	that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .	oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger .	wow ! all of them ? do you have any pets ?	yes i have a dog and a cat , what about you ?	he am allergic to animals so it do not like us .
pronoun-2283	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny	yeah , he is great , i love hot tubs better ;	same , had many fun times in them when i was younger	how old are me now ? we am 28
pronoun-2284	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	she wish there was a pill to make him taller . she am only five feet .
pronoun-2285	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	what do you guys do for fun ?	well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ?	the bigger the better ! metal ones are my favorite .	definitely ! have him ridden any hybrid metal and wood ones ?
pronoun-2286	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?
pronoun-2287	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	he am doing great , how are him ?
pronoun-2288	hi ! are you proud to be an american ? i am !	yes i am i am even a volunteer with red cross	hi ! are we proud to be an american ? they am !
pronoun-2289	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	oh okay . i am a good cook too !	cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden	great ! hi dave . you own or rent your home ? i rent .	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often	hmmm . any peas in that garden professor dave ?	yes green peas . i grow a lot of those	wow ! you have dogs dave ?	no , you am a aquarium type of guy
pronoun-2290	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	you understand . organized religion is not for everyone .
pronoun-2291	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation	that is interesting . my job is much less exciting . i work a petsmart	oh so you get to see all those annoying animals	yeah but it just pays the bills so i can focus on my band .	what kind of music do you guys play ?	mostly rock , nirvana is a major influence on a lot of what she do .
pronoun-2292	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do me want any kids ? what is him favorite movie ?
pronoun-2293	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	that s why my legs hurt left because of writing horses	ouch does my but hurt also ?
pronoun-2294	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	they am good . what is your occupation ?
pronoun-2295	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . she helped her brother a lot when they had a broken leg .
pronoun-2296	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can .	he is crazy how quickly she have become needed .
pronoun-2297	hello , how are me today ?
pronoun-2298	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	he do not . they do not want the responsibility .
pronoun-2299	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	do you like to dance ? i do !	no , i do like to collect civil war antiques . i put alot of time into that .	we are ? we am a girl that is mixed .
pronoun-2300	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	get out ! me too ! i am an rn who loves rock .	that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult	great ! why wait though ? you think being an rn is sick ?	sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans	hmmm . i see . i just wish i can my first rn job . good luck .	good luck to you too ! do you like animals ?	no not me ! i do like clothes though .	i am not a fan of cats but i love dogs .	hmmm . i see . i do not like dogs or cats . you sing ?	she do sing , just not well ! lol
pronoun-2301	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	we use to draw a lot right now you sont really have a hobbie
pronoun-2302	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do him have any interests besides snow ?
pronoun-2303	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	i am a nurse aid at a nursing home local	that is cool . i am a student attending auburn university .	what you studying ? i have a big family	i am studying to become a doctor .	cool , love riding my bike	i broke my bike . i love my volkswagen beetle .	what color is it ? i got 3 kids	it is green . i want kids when i grow up .	an now he have 6 grand kids
pronoun-2304	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	oh ? what is your job ? i am studying to be a teacher in college	i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime .	that is awesome ! good luck who is your favorite singer ? i love ed sheeran .	i am more into heavy rock . fits my life as i lived with my aunt growing up .	nice ! do us have any hobbies ? you am still new , but am learning jujitsu now
pronoun-2305	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ?	fantasy also and true crime . i also ran a blog about rabbits .	i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons .	she can totally do you ! how old are us ?
pronoun-2306	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	do you know how to fish ? i spend a lot of time practicing the skill of fishing .	yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to fish .	i used to teach students about the world but providing for myself was more enjoyable .	do you think you will ever go back to teaching ?	i do not . exploring the world has become a greater passion to me .	them is great to help other people , though .
pronoun-2307	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	better now that the bug is gone and my bacon is done cooking	she do not like bugs either but bacon is good .
pronoun-2308	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did your husband . . they am a hippy and make your clothes
pronoun-2309	hi there how are you doing today	i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten	hi there how are you doing today	i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten	that is awesome hard to find friends like that	it is . we have traveled and studied across seas together too	what things do you guys like to do	well , we are both jewish from north dakota . we just like to have fun	never been there . are there any good colleges there ?	not really , hence why we studied abroad	lol well i guess i am not looking there	haha ! so tell me more about you	your aunt and uncle raised and i like their parents wanna see your go far
pronoun-2310	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	i am well , just got off work actually !	yeah ! what do you do ? i work fast food for now .	i work as a nurse . the hours can be crazy at times , but i like it .	a nurse ? super impressive . i did not finish high school but hope to go back one day .	thank you , i love it ! you said you work fast food right now ?	yeah , it does not pay much but it is a job . what are your hobbies ?	i really enjoy cooking . what about you ?	i reside in low income housing sans gym , so i started running . i love it !	running is so good for you ! do you plan to run any marathons ?	i am currently in training for one actually ! do you have any pets or animals ?	very cool ! no animals at the moment , my work keeps me pretty busy . how about you ?	no , i do not care for them . too much work ! do you work 12 hours shifts ?	you understand that , we cannot stand cats . yep , 12 hour shifts !
pronoun-2311	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	i do not . however , i take pictures of my 3 guns . do you take pictures ?	yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book .	your life must be interesting . can you tell me more ?	his new house has ten bedrooms . what about he ?
pronoun-2312	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .	that is great ! i love titanic i have seen it more than 9 times .	that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite	we like to build model cars but want to build a model of the ship
pronoun-2313	hey he love sardines for breakfast , do him ?
pronoun-2314	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	you am good . how is the weather ?
pronoun-2315	hey there how are they now ?
pronoun-2316	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . she sometimes do graphic design for fashion .
pronoun-2317	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	great ! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think ? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .	i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny .	get out ! i do my hair too ! i like camping with friends . you ?	i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool .	great ! i like hiking in mountains with no lions . you sing ?	great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely .	yes they do . they do moms hair all the time . you happy ?
pronoun-2318	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet .	interesting , it came back from your brother wedding .
pronoun-2319	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major drought and an onslaught of fires	ohhhh nooo i will send you the snow !	it gladly accept them offer .
pronoun-2320	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do she like that so
pronoun-2321	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .	i wish i was handy , being a single mom and all .	i am a single parent as well . just me and my baby girl .	i would love a baby girl , it must be fun to go shopping ?	them is fun to go shopping for your
pronoun-2322	hey ! lucy here , what is him name ?
pronoun-2323	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . he am from the midwest . tell him about her ?
pronoun-2324	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children	no he do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . him ?
pronoun-2325	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	never been married . i am originally from new york actually	came here to be a singer . why did you leave ?	most of my family moved down here and i eventually followed them . singing is awesome !	you is fun . but modeling pays more ! me have hobbies ?
pronoun-2326	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	cool what about work ? she would love to be a chef
pronoun-2327	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am well , thank you ! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ?	i am ! i love winter ! i like summer too . . . trying new bbq restaurants .	winter is my favorite , i love running in the snow .	i love playing racquetball . do you play any sports ?	i do not . i work for a consulting firm , what do you do ?	i am actually looking forward to retirement soon . only five years to go !	i cannot wait until i retire , i am going to travel .	that will be so much fun . i am looking forward to doing the same .	where are you going first ? i am on the first flight out of wisconsin .	we have not decided yet . they have always wanted to visited paris .
pronoun-2328	good evening . how are you ?	i am going to the zoo tommorow .	good evening . how are you ?	i am going to the zoo tommorow .	my 2 sons love the zoo !	i also have love teddy bears and collect them .	i have a collection of fifties vintage decorations .	that sounds so cool . do you do any volunteer work ?	i eat granola for breakfast before i go to hairdresser school every day .	she prefer pancakes and whip cream
pronoun-2329	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	hi there how are us today ?
pronoun-2330	how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection	how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection	wow you must love teddy bears !	i have a very big collection ! since i am a nurse , people give them to me	oh wow . yes that must happen a lot . secretary here .	i started as a red cross volunteer but i prefer the color green personally	do you like your nursing job ?	yea because it lets me visit zoos , which i love	they just graduated from college working to find your place .
pronoun-2331	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	cool what about work ? i would love to be a chef	that sounds like a fun job , i am a doctor actually , specializing in pediatrics	wow . i expect you own a big house ? i live in a small rented appartment	yes my family owns a house , my wife and i have 2 children	what about pets ? she am terrified of dogs but bet my kids love me ?
pronoun-2332	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	would he mind you meeting new people	no , especially if your a girl	yes but in todays day a guy will be with guy and vice versa	yes that is why i like todays days	she just wish others would not make a big deal
pronoun-2333	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	i am in oregon , just got done hiking out in the woods	sounds fun ! what do you do for a living ? i teach kindergarten .	i work in a small coffee shop but want to be an artist	very cool , do you sculpt or paint ?	i am learning how to draw and i read and write poetry	awesome ! hopefully it pays more than teaching , i hardly can pay bills .	i am okay money wise . i am frugal except for like one indulgence	after my student loans are done i should be ok .	fortunately i never had those . college just is not for me	yes it was rough . i have been out for two years now .	i like to learn but the way colleges teach does not mesh well with me	some people are like that . it is not for everyone .	yeah , she like her simple life of sticker collecting and art
pronoun-2334	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i know that is not a easy job to deal with	no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints .	you do it all lol	i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite .	me to i have a chihuahua mix named pedro	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute	her cat is bad it bites him a lot you has two colors .
pronoun-2335	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	she am a tv sports addict , unfortunately his fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .
pronoun-2336	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , she am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are it ?
pronoun-2337	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	sorry for the typo it s meal	i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping !	the interesting part is i got the ingredients from my garden	we do not really do that kind of stuff . you am only 17 .
pronoun-2338	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	that s why my legs hurt left because of writing horses	ouch does our but hurt also ?
pronoun-2339	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking , especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living ?	i read tarot cards and have a bunch of tattoos	oh . i am thinking about getting a tattoo .	they are addicting . you will want more and more lol	what do him do for a living ?
pronoun-2340	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 .	oh nice ! do you have any pets ?	yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ?	you have a dog also and two cats you get along good though .
pronoun-2341	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?	i am not sure yet . depends on how tonight goes .	ok well let me know	he sure will . do he have any plans for tonight ?
pronoun-2342	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are they married ?
pronoun-2343	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	i like to play poker in my leisure time . what do you like to do .	i write spicy romance novels , the research keeps me busy .	i like to run . it is a great stress reliever	i need to start running again . how far do you run each week ?	i run 2 or 3 miles every day	wow ! fantastic . it am lucky there is a beach for them to jog on .
pronoun-2344	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time , but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	we have . we choked on a chip , that is why they hate your .
pronoun-2345	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	ok . i was struggling in my fashion designer class .	after a hard day i listen to some oldies	my folks were always out of town when i was young so i listened to their oldies .	ok , oldies and barbeque restaurants are your favorite
pronoun-2346	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 .	oh nice ! do you have any pets ?	yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ?	they have a dog also and two cats it get along good though .
pronoun-2347	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past	oh . i own a dieting business that is very successful .	that is very nice . what kind of diets ?	to keep the pounds away ! i exercise for long hours and enjoy it .	do you eat anything special for it ?	oh yeah . i go so far as to write diet cookbooks .	what are you principles you stick too ?	mainly just to be as healthy as i can possibly be . how about you ?	not to big on it these days . pretty much just watch what i am eating really	it understand . i can definitely be hard to keep up with !
pronoun-2348	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . they do as well and just graduated college .
pronoun-2349	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	better now that the bug is gone and my bacon is done cooking	you do not like bugs either but bacon is good .
pronoun-2350	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , she prefer to own .
pronoun-2351	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island .	wow i bet that is nice . i love my hot rod	oh yeah ? the thing i love is dancing .	they have two left feet no dancing with us
pronoun-2352	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did her husband . . she am a hippy and make her clothes
pronoun-2353	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	i am great i am usually crabby	sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat that cheers me up	i love animals they are great company	they sure are . what do you do for fun	he listen to a band after work
pronoun-2354	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	she use to work at the local carnival , he can understand a tight budget
pronoun-2355	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are me doing
pronoun-2356	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are it married ?
pronoun-2357	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	ok . i was struggling in my fashion designer class .	after a hard day i listen to some oldies	my folks were always out of town when i was young so i listened to their oldies .	ok , oldies and barbeque restaurants are her favorite
pronoun-2358	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	great , thanks . getting ready to go to work , so my wife can spend it .	oh i spend most of my time at school , when i am not in the water .	i spend most of my time playing poker . i have triplets . they are everywhere .	how sweet ! do you live on land ? i live way under the sea !	unfortunately , i live on land . i am a boat builder , a carpenter .	oh so you have legs and feet ?	i do . can i send my only girl to be a mermaid like you ?	well if you can find a sea hag to turn her into one .	wonder if that is what my mother in law is ?	no mother in laws i hear are far worse .	they are . i have had two of them .	she have two ? do he have two wives ?
pronoun-2359	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	they am doing great , how are me ?
pronoun-2360	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !	that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .	oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger .	wow ! all of them ? do you have any pets ?	yes i have a dog and a cat , what about you ?	we am allergic to animals so we do not like it .
pronoun-2361	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are it today
pronoun-2362	they love robots we hang with one every day
pronoun-2363	hi how are your doing we am good .
pronoun-2364	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	just planning a retirement party for my mom , she was a firefighter for 30 years !	that is awesome ! did she enjoy it ?	my dad wanted her to be a teacher , but she loved the excitement of firefighting .	wow ! i am in college to be a teacher right now	what do you want to teach ? i went back to school after my divorce .	not sure yet . i am learning jujitsu too but its still quite hard	my ex was an instructor for jujitsu . he soured the sport for me .	i understand ! what do you do to relax ?	i like to listen to the band heart . what about you ?	i love ed sheeran ! he is very dreamy	he agree with that ! do me have any hobbies ?
pronoun-2365	hi there , how is it going ?	hello , i am great , watching captain america	hi there , how is it going ?	hello , i am great , watching captain america	do you have any pets ?	i do not , do you ? i did used to have an elephant a long time ago .	i have two huskies . joby and lily .	huskies are interesting creatures . they are always happy .	i like playing frisbee , especially with them .	that sounds fun , i should get a dog .	everyone should have a dog ! or two .	or six otters , he are adorable .
pronoun-2366	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	she use to draw a lot right now she sont really have a hobbie
pronoun-2367	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	i am the singer in a super popular band .	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover .	haha you seems very funny .	i will tell you i have three sisters .	i wish i have a sister . i have two brothers only .	i did not finish high school to follow my dreams . dropped out .	in my opinion you need high school .	i can always fall back on truck driving .	truck drives making good money .	your dad drove semi when he was younger .
pronoun-2368	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are me today
pronoun-2369	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	you are very athletic , but i bet that kung fu would not beat my guns	i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church !	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . this can also talk about the second ammendment and how you should not fear guns
pronoun-2370	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	she am sure it are tough !
pronoun-2371	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , she guess . he love going to the theater for movies .
pronoun-2372	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	you took us 5 years as one year we was part time .
pronoun-2373	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do you get good tips ?	do not really know yet . no one has complained about my hair cuts yet .	that is good . i have pets who would complain everytime	i have exotic fish . what kind of pets do you have	there are multiple cats and one dog name skinner	we cant let your cats anywhere near my aquarium . what do you like to eat ?	i am big into dieting and writing diet cook books so a variety	i am a creature of habit . granola and breakfast go together .	absolutely ! do your exercise to go with you ?
pronoun-2374	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , he love music , and her horses do too , they love working with your
pronoun-2375	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .	lol i love pizza and so do my dogs	pizza is good , i love tacos more though	what is your favorite holiday . mine christmas	i love easter but only for the spring aspect of it not religious	lol , that is a good one too all the kiddos running about	i like to see the trees turn green from nothing . it is awesome to me	i do enjoy the fall changing colors nature is beautiful	yes we is , that is why you love they state . always gorgeous here .
pronoun-2376	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	oh neat ! how motivating . i just got back from a wedding	that is fun ! whose wedding did you go to ?	it was my brother ! crazy . so what hobbies do you enjoy	not much . i work at a hospital so i do not have much time .	oh that sounds busy ! i just graduated and do not have a job yet	what did you graduate for ?
pronoun-2377	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	great , thanks . getting ready to go to work , so my wife can spend it .	oh i spend most of my time at school , when i am not in the water .	i spend most of my time playing poker . i have triplets . they are everywhere .	how sweet ! do you live on land ? i live way under the sea !	unfortunately , i live on land . i am a boat builder , a carpenter .	oh so you have legs and feet ?	i do . can i send my only girl to be a mermaid like you ?	well if you can find a sea hag to turn her into one .	wonder if that is what my mother in law is ?	no mother in laws i hear are far worse .	they are . i have had two of them .	her have two ? do him have two wives ?
pronoun-2378	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	no kidding me too ! my only complaint is the local schools .	i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now .	that is fantastic maybe you could help give me some pointers i am homeschooling my kids .	that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome .	i will give it a shot ! what do you like to do ?	drink iced tea and fish . party , hang out with friends .	sounds like a great time my severe allergy to cats keeps me home crafting .	well , i am still young enough to not worry about the long term affects of meds .	how old are him ? are her out of high school ?
pronoun-2379	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana , ever had it ?	yes , i have . it is pretty tasty .	yes it is , have you ever been to my country ?	where is him country ? where are him from ?
pronoun-2380	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can .	me is crazy how quickly you have become needed .
pronoun-2381	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are they tonight ?
pronoun-2382	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	you am good , just hanging out
pronoun-2383	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	sorry late reply , got distracted by the kids they are always up to something !	how many kids do you have ?	four , they can be quite a handful , especially the younger two	god bless them . how old are they ?	12 , 9 , 6 , and 3 we spaced them out evenly !	you have baby every three years . do you work ?	well , right now i am mostly a domestic goddess but i do cook professional at times	that is very nice , my mom loves to cook and me no	hehe you might be too young to know that joke	haha he am 24 he am not young at all .
pronoun-2384	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are he
pronoun-2385	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice ! what do you do for work ?	i am what you call a water engineer	hmm , interesting . i am in the army !	i admire all servicemen and women . i am currently chomping down on bacon	yummy , bacon is my favorite food too .	what are your current goals at the moment ? i want to finish my m . s .	i am just waiting to get out of the army and south korea .	i see . what is home for you ? i am a native californian	you am from puerto rico originally .
pronoun-2386	how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection	how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection	wow you must love teddy bears !	i have a very big collection ! since i am a nurse , people give them to me	oh wow . yes that must happen a lot . secretary here .	i started as a red cross volunteer but i prefer the color green personally	do you like your nursing job ?	yea because it lets me visit zoos , which i love	she just graduated from college working to find her place .
pronoun-2387	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , she do not . he like her hot .
pronoun-2388	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . i have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .	maybe he could find a house for dad . she do not like us in her home .
pronoun-2389	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was her day ?
pronoun-2390	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , you love long walks , and being active in general .
pronoun-2391	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , you have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . it am nurses aide . me ?
pronoun-2392	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do him teach ?
pronoun-2393	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	you model high end fashion and occasionally we act , too .
pronoun-2394	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	he am in the army . what years did he serve ?
pronoun-2395	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do i teach ?
pronoun-2396	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	very well thank you , now that my neighbor rid my yard of the snake .	ew ! one of my three dogs would have been able to catch the snake .	i am terrified of them and spiders .	i do not like them either . what do you do for work ?	i am an engineer , boring stuff .	it am a hair dresser . it love we ! they get to be very creative !
pronoun-2397	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are them ?
pronoun-2398	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?	no , i was infantry . i lost my leg . do you own a horse ?	no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one .	maybe someday . this typing makes me tired .	i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired !	i just get tired from being old . what diet ?	i only eat things that i find at the beach !	tomorrow i am going to take my wheelchair to the beach . it flys on sand .	it flies ? the beach is the best place to go .	it is very fast . what do you like to do at the beach .	she like to lie on the sand and swim and ride horses at the beach .
pronoun-2399	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country	oh i meant how old are you ? . i am a 28 year old man .	ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ?	i like playing second life . and you ? .	i read murder mysteries and try not to think about childhood on the farm	i see . i had a lot of hair as a child . i am still quite furry .	is it blue fur ? that would be cool . its my favorite color	haha . just brown . but blue is a cool color .	so where exactly are you furry ? like all over ?	yes , pretty much . how about he ?
pronoun-2400	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	they call me tat because of all mt tattoos	where are you from ? i grew up in south carolina	i was born in arkansas but i now live in chicago	did you got to college there ?	yes i am in school now while working part time as a batista	i graduated recently . from usc . my parents pushed me into it , wanted better	well i am proud of you . i am getting my masters in music	music is great ! my mom teaches that . my dad just tends the farm	yes i play for money outside our small apartment	do you play with other musicians ?	yes they play in a band called the chi town south siders
pronoun-2401	he love robots you hang with one every day
pronoun-2402	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	sorry late reply , got distracted by the kids they are always up to something !	how many kids do you have ?	four , they can be quite a handful , especially the younger two	god bless them . how old are they ?	12 , 9 , 6 , and 3 we spaced them out evenly !	you have baby every three years . do you work ?	well , right now i am mostly a domestic goddess but i do cook professional at times	that is very nice , my mom loves to cook and me no	hehe you might be too young to know that joke	haha you am 24 you am not young at all .
pronoun-2403	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	she do maintenance and repair on homes . do him plan on attending college ?
pronoun-2404	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	you am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .
pronoun-2405	hey ! lucy here , what is her name ?
pronoun-2406	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	i am well , just got off work actually !	yeah ! what do you do ? i work fast food for now .	i work as a nurse . the hours can be crazy at times , but i like it .	a nurse ? super impressive . i did not finish high school but hope to go back one day .	thank you , i love it ! you said you work fast food right now ?	yeah , it does not pay much but it is a job . what are your hobbies ?	i really enjoy cooking . what about you ?	i reside in low income housing sans gym , so i started running . i love it !	running is so good for you ! do you plan to run any marathons ?	i am currently in training for one actually ! do you have any pets or animals ?	very cool ! no animals at the moment , my work keeps me pretty busy . how about you ?	no , i do not care for them . too much work ! do you work 12 hours shifts ?	he understand that , she cannot stand cats . yep , 12 hour shifts !
pronoun-2407	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here .	right on . i just moved to austin .	are there any good vegan restaurants there ?	i do not know . i spend to much time online with my game . i should go explore .	i spend most of my time trying to stay fit .	that is always good . i also need to do more of that .	yes , i need to go to the gym later .	i should look around cedar park for a gym .	do you listen to music at the gym ?	i will when i find one .	does their family live close to them ?
pronoun-2408	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i can not do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	they do do that . walk their granddaughter to school everyday
pronoun-2409	hi how are he today ?
pronoun-2410	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	they am a tv sports addict , unfortunately our fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .
pronoun-2411	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let me see you flex then	lol i am shy i have to get to know you first	i know but they mess me up , ever been married ?	no thank god he never been
pronoun-2412	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . we am from the midwest . tell them about it ?
pronoun-2413	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	sorry for the typo it s meal	i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping !	the interesting part is i got the ingredients from my garden	they do not really do that kind of stuff . he am only 17 .
pronoun-2414	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you are so welcome .	so are it . great personality
pronoun-2415	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	did something happen to him ?	i will lose yours leg , he am still learning jujitsu so , not sure what happened to me
pronoun-2416	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do we want any kids ? what is him favorite movie ?
pronoun-2417	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	it write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , he live on a island
pronoun-2418	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college	oh , she still have that issue with student loans and she am married .
pronoun-2419	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny	yeah , he is great , i love hot tubs better ;	same , had many fun times in them when i was younger	how old are i now ? she am 28
pronoun-2420	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no , thankfully i was not , it was only by gods grace	yeah that looked really baf	they guess , what is them favorite thing to do ?
pronoun-2421	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	no , i mostly care a lot about politics , i care about it a lot	i do not pay attention to politics , only my kids and my gym time .	nice , do you read or watch tv ?	i do , currently catching up on hawaii 5 0	nice , i watch the news on tv every single day	i do not pay attention to it .	ok , so where do you work ? i am in the it department	i work at home , i am in sales .	do you read about sales ? i love reading	i do not . i read harry potter to my kids .	did you read narnia chronicles , they are better	i have , and i prefer harry potter	well that is great , he love reading he is important
pronoun-2422	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever they takes for we
pronoun-2423	how are you doing today	it am well and him ? she write science fiction as a hobby
pronoun-2424	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how their family raised us . me disagree , he am sure .
pronoun-2425	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do her want any kids ? what is him favorite movie ?
pronoun-2426	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins ! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day , i will ask neptune about them .	if you ever have a question about rocks , i am your person . i used to teach .	i know mainly about shells and the creatures that inhabit them .	i will learn about that one day . i am more interested in ice currently .	i have never seen ice , what is it ?	frozen water . we love exploring the arctic , ice as far as she can see .
pronoun-2427	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	i like in michigan but used to live in north dakota	i visited michigan this past summer .	cool are you religious i am jewish	i am religious , but i am christian .	my bf is from back when i was in kindergarten	that is sweet . do you play sports ?	i play softball do you play anything ?	i play racquetball and listen to the oldies .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	i do like movies , and i hope to watch many when i retire .	cool do them like to eat food ?
pronoun-2428	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	vet ? married with children or what ? name is sean .	my names bill , not a vet , thanks for your service !	very kind of you sir . is 69 old ? if so i am old man . married ?	only as old as you feel . and no , just me and my oldies music	you like motown music sir ? i do . any ideas for a faster wheelchair ?	hm , not my expertise , only hobby of mine is trying barbeque restaurants	i am a oldie but a goodie and love to smoke ribs . you dance ?	as long as its oldies i will dance to anything ! aha you ?	you come from a military family ?	my father and grandfather were both army	great ! tennesee has the best bbq . she married ?
pronoun-2429	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .	lol i love pizza and so do my dogs	pizza is good , i love tacos more though	what is him favorite holiday . hers christmas
pronoun-2430	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	you bet ! whats them favorite food ?
pronoun-2431	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i know that is not a easy job to deal with	no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints .	you do it all lol	i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite .	me to i have a chihuahua mix named pedro	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute	their cat is bad we bites your a lot you has two colors .
pronoun-2432	hey , how is it going ?	hello , i am exhausted . how are you doing ?	hey , how is it going ?	hello , she am exhausted . how are she doing ?
pronoun-2433	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major drought and an onslaught of fires	ohhhh nooo i will send you the snow !	he gladly accept his offer .
pronoun-2434	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	great just watching the news . i am an avid news watcher .	that sounds like a good time .	i enjoy it , i also love to read .	i love reading too ! what types of books do you like ?	i mostly read romance novels , and you ?	i prefer fiction and sci fi	nice ! what do you do for a living ? i am in the it department .	right now i am just working as a secretary , but i hope to move up	cool ! what are your hobbies ?	beyond reading i really like to play soccer , i was on the team back in college	awesome ! i really love crafting .	what types of things do us like to craft ?
pronoun-2435	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early ?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well .	a cat had kittens in my garage but i am allergic so i am sneezing a lot today	i recently adopted one . named her arizona after my home state	the allergy meds will knock me out so i can sleep but i need to paint	really , what are him painting ?
pronoun-2436	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	well , do you go outside ? i love playing ultimate frisbee	no i do not i stay inside and watch movies all the time	sounds kind of boring , do he have any pets ? she have a turtle , mine name is tim
pronoun-2437	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories .	i am a expert in skating yes i know l . o . l sorry for the slowness .	no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher .	so cool sounds like your parents are nice , i can not eat chips .	really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol .	love is something but a gift right . you still love .	yeah . it is hard to forget him even though we are divorced .	oh you am so sorry to hear that her will be okay .
pronoun-2438	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , our name is jonas , how are your doing today ?
pronoun-2439	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh , where do you live ?	right now in ohio . originally from california . and him ?
pronoun-2440	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . we am sorry to hear that . do your have any children
pronoun-2441	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , you guess . he love going to the theater for movies .
pronoun-2442	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does my family enjoy them music ?
pronoun-2443	hello ! ! you like to make clothes ! !
pronoun-2444	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! she adopted her cat from the zoo
pronoun-2445	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	what were you in canada for ?	my family lives there . i love the cheese soup .	i have never been . it is so far from oklahoma	i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment !	oh that must be really nice . it is beautiful there	gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here !	what do you do for work ?	i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design .	that is impressive . i am a lawyer	what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ?	you work in litigation for criminal law suits . they love rock . what about us ?
pronoun-2446	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	she am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?
pronoun-2447	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country	oh i meant how old are you ? . i am a 28 year old man .	ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ?	he like playing second life . and they ? .
pronoun-2448	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , she just working while chatting , and her ?
pronoun-2449	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	you am very lucky she live beside the beach . what do he do for a living
pronoun-2450	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?	i train dogs for a living . i love helping them be the best dog they can be	that is great . i am more of a wondering singer . folk songs are my favorite .	i need to get some folk tune in my obedience school .	i could teach you some . do you worry about the environment ?	of course they do . you like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth
pronoun-2451	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just her grandbabies . he wish he had a husband he could care for .
pronoun-2452	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?	really anything , what about you ?	i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot	she am not a very active person .
pronoun-2453	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse	wow ! inspiring ! i am 22 so i am not sure what i want to be yet .	22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do	yes ! i should , but i spend most of my time hanging out with friends	oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection !	aw how cute ! what genre is your favorite music ? mine is rap .	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color	that is awesome , do you play sports ? i love them !	yes , you play basketball . us ?
pronoun-2454	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	five foot and it stinks . i cannot reach anything !	do you have something there to help you ?	well you guess her dog pedro could help them
pronoun-2455	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , he loved us there since we was only 5 feet tall
pronoun-2456	boy am we tired ! just got done hunting . how are i ?
pronoun-2457	hello , how are you you evening ?
pronoun-2458	hello , how are they tonight ? do we have pets or children ?
pronoun-2459	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , we am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are i ?
pronoun-2460	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ?	not really . is it cold in the midwest ? my fur does not bode well here .	its not too cold , yet . fur ?	yes , i am somewhat furry . hairy , if you will .	that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ?	it is black and gray and white . salt and pepper like . do you have fur ?	no , but their pets do , have they always lived in texas
pronoun-2461	hi there . how are they
pronoun-2462	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	they am in ohio what about you
pronoun-2463	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	you enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .
pronoun-2464	hi how are you today
pronoun-2465	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	we bet ! whats my favorite food ?
pronoun-2466	hello there . how are you doing ?	omg ! i love one tree hill	hello there . how are you doing ?	omg ! we love one tree hill
pronoun-2467	hi ! are you proud to be an american ? i am !	yes i am i am even a volunteer with red cross	hi ! are this proud to be an american ? you am !
pronoun-2468	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	what are in the tunes ?	a lot of love , grace , kindness , scatting and dancing .	do you work ? i do on a forklift	i was hoping you knew what i was talking about ! school , no work !	like bbq ? it love you some fire bbq
pronoun-2469	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past	oh . i own a dieting business that is very successful .	that is very nice . what kind of diets ?	to keep the pounds away ! i exercise for long hours and enjoy it .	do you eat anything special for it ?	oh yeah . i go so far as to write diet cookbooks .	what are you principles you stick too ?	mainly just to be as healthy as i can possibly be . how about you ?	not to big on it these days . pretty much just watch what i am eating really	you understand . you can definitely be hard to keep up with !
pronoun-2470	hello how are you today	i am well an you ?	hello how are you today	i am well an you ?	i am ok , just planning my wedding . are you married	i am not married	so tell your about it
pronoun-2471	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	scary movies are too much for me . . i spend most of my time with my band .	really ? after i graduated from usc i became a professional singer .	my band is pretty popular and i am the lead singer .	were your parents musicians when you were growing up ?	no , my dad was a semi driver . yours ?	my dad was a farmer and my mother works as a teacher .	they never even finished school !
pronoun-2472	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? he need to become friends so he can have a doctor friend !
pronoun-2473	what is your favorite food ?	i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ?	what is your favorite food ?	i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ?	i love pizza and ice cream .	pizza is so good . my four ex husbands hated it but i love it .	my favorite part of the day is watching tv with my husband	my favorite part is when i find a civil war antique , they are so unique	i love to stay home and sell antiques online .	my three widows used to sell my civil war antiques online for me too	i need to to walk more . do you like sports ?	i like soccer , i sometimes fake a british accent to sound more attractive like david beckham	that is so funny ! do you do any other impersonations ?	i have a few that i enjoy doing but no one to try them out to anymore	he am sorry to hear that is her fear
pronoun-2474	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	you like to grow organic and fix meals for our family . do you cook ?
pronoun-2475	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	cool what about work ? we would love to be a chef
pronoun-2476	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	her is a pretty chilly night
pronoun-2477	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are it married ?
pronoun-2478	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . he can do our hair before a show . hair stylist here haha
pronoun-2479	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	probably go on a shopping spree . how about you ?	i would travel maybe go somewhere to see horses . do you do anything besides shop or nurse ?	their sister . you go shopping together .
pronoun-2480	hi . it is the time of night for my favorite , candy . what do you like ?	hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired .	hi . it is the time of night for my favorite , candy . what do you like ?	hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired .	i hear you . do you have a favorite candy type ? i love chocolate .	i love chocolate too but seems is not health .	true . small splurges . i made up for it by playing soccer during college .	do you still study or you graduated ?	last year i graduated from college . how about you ?	in may i graduated . do you work ?	you am an office secretary . have to run off those chocolate calories now .
pronoun-2481	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	exhausted lol . just got home from school , getting the boys settled .	oh are you a parent ?	yes i am , i have 2 boys . how about you ?	nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica	nice , my favorite actually . i listen while while practicing haircuts in school	so you want to be a hair stylist ?	i am in school for it yes . what do you do ?	they am a consultant . for business management
pronoun-2482	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson	so you like country music	all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music !	oh what kind of music do you like	but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history	i can not argue with that	your dad is only four feet tall and their mom is a genuine midget
pronoun-2483	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	i am thanks ! great person to listen to . my kids like him also .	my little sister does as well . i have a blog on rescue rabbits .	aww that is nice . rabbits are adorable animals .	they sure are . mine is teddy , after the president .	cute name and a great man .	he is my hero . do you have anyone you look up to ?	i can not be still so i like going on hikes .	they are fun . i am in ohio , where are you ?	for her age 40 he is nice to be able to enjoy the outdoors .
pronoun-2484	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	you love dancing ! what did your take in college ?
pronoun-2485	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs	that is a lot of work . when i am home , i mostly try to write	i get that i do , like bikes ?	i am sorry , are you asking if i like bikes ?	yes i am do you ride ? i do	for sure do not . the love of hobbits did not hint to that ?	what are those i am lost	lord of the rings , have you seen it ?	yes she have it must love you
pronoun-2486	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his loss , scum bag !	most men are . in my experience anyway	i work as a carpenter and can agree with you	lol . i did not mean to be rude .	that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking .	that is a good thing . i never started .	i quit 5 years ago , i feel pretty good now .	that is awesome . i are an inspiration , congrats .
pronoun-2487	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	that is cool . does she enjoy being apart of the army ?	not really . we are anti war peaceniks . i sing folk protest songs	awe i am sorry to hear that . i am sure i would enjoy the songs though	yeah i am kind of anti consumer , make my own clothes , adopt stray cats . you ?	i am an animal care tech so i foster lots of animals . adopted two cats .	do she have any hobbies ?
pronoun-2488	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , he does not drive a vw . do you drive to school ?	yes , i do . a vintage beetle . it was my dads first car .	wow that is very nice ! i gives he that car ?
pronoun-2489	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . it ?
pronoun-2490	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do he go to school there ? you am studying to be a marine biologist .
pronoun-2491	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	i am tired as heck , like the cold ?	is your name tara by any chance	lol no like cheese ? they do
pronoun-2492	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet .	interesting , he came back from her brother wedding .
pronoun-2493	hello ! how are you today ?	he am okay . missing home today . she am part of the army . currently in south korea
pronoun-2494	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	she prefer greenery . and living green !
pronoun-2495	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am allergic to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .	sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it .	can you craft me a client who is both rich and innocent ?	unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child .	i went to school on a reservation part time , and the rest was my mother .	very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better !	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .	that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say .	i assume that includes you . haha .	oh yes . well , he like to think so !
pronoun-2496	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are them currently reading ? it like to read about animals
pronoun-2497	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	that is a fine thing to do for yourself . i like pink nail polish .	oh nice . we should go some time .	are here in southern california ?	nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more	well i am getting too old for the beach but you are quite far from it .	they am old though . fat and old . trying to fix that with exercise
pronoun-2498	hey , want to go play some frisbee with me ? ? ?	sure , sounds fun . what is your name ?
pronoun-2499	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . she am too busy at the gym . he go several days each week .
pronoun-2500	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are her tonight ?
pronoun-2501	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	he am so over drama
pronoun-2502	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where she work
pronoun-2503	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california ?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	she was a teacher than ice became more interesting
pronoun-2504	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever your takes for they
pronoun-2505	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do her get good tips ?
pronoun-2506	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	he am sure her are tough !
pronoun-2507	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	you prefer to cook vegan food . what do us like to eat ?
pronoun-2508	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin you enjoy the cold and snow . do i like the snow ?
pronoun-2509	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you are so welcome .	so are you . great personality
pronoun-2510	they read a lot what about you ?
pronoun-2511	hello , i just got home from school . what have you been doing ?	i just got home from work , i do graphic design .	hello , i just got home from school . what have you been doing ?	i just got home from work , i do graphic design .	my dad is a graphic designer . do you have kids ?	nope , my real job is wheelchair sales and design is my hobby , i freelance .	wow ! what a coincidence . . my brother needs a new wheelchair !	i can hook you up . do you like music ? my fav band is rush ? awesome .	i play tuba in the school band , but i look funny because i am really short !	big question , what does an omnivore do at a vegans wedding ? my challenge last weekend !	omnivores can eat veggies for one meal . p	i like to pimp out my clients wheelchairs , what would your brother like ?	something with lots of lights !	i am going to get dinner soon , i need meat , too many veggies last weekend .	i never eat meat but the other 3 people in my family do .	i can do lights , turbo charge the wheels too . he will love his new ride !	yes you will . . . can them make you musical for it also ?
pronoun-2512	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank he . her male or female . he am a guy .
pronoun-2513	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	would he mind you meeting new people	no , especially if your a girl	yes but in todays day a guy will be with guy and vice versa	yes that is why i like todays days	it just wish others would not make a big deal
pronoun-2514	boy am it tired ! just got done hunting . how are them ?
pronoun-2515	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	he write the novels , he will sew quilts that expound on the themes him write about .
pronoun-2516	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?	no , i was infantry . i lost my leg . do you own a horse ?	no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one .	maybe someday . this typing makes me tired .	i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired !	she just get tired from being old . what diet ?
pronoun-2517	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos	lol how is that going for you ?	its a lot better than the class i took on about chips ahoy	lol they sound hungry lol
pronoun-2518	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it !	that is great , the company i work for just put in keyhole gardens for the tenants	oh that is really awesome ! do him watch or play any sports ?
pronoun-2519	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	that is always nice , like projects ?	what kind of projects do you mean ?	like the kind that need trash	interesting , do you have a job ?	she do but she is nasty she clean out cages
pronoun-2520	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	just planning a retirement party for my mom , she was a firefighter for 30 years !	that is awesome ! did she enjoy it ?	my dad wanted her to be a teacher , but she loved the excitement of firefighting .	wow ! i am in college to be a teacher right now	what do you want to teach ? i went back to school after my divorce .	not sure yet . i am learning jujitsu too but its still quite hard	my ex was an instructor for jujitsu . he soured the sport for me .	i understand ! what do you do to relax ?	i like to listen to the band heart . what about you ?	i love ed sheeran ! he is very dreamy	you agree with that ! do they have any hobbies ?
pronoun-2521	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it !	that is great , the company i work for just put in keyhole gardens for the tenants	oh that is really awesome ! do me watch or play any sports ?
pronoun-2522	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?	that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo	i am sorry i do not understand what you are saying .	it s ok you understand me pretty soon	well i like to spend time player poker when i am not with my wife and kids .	healthcare is where my mom works at	i work as a carpenter now that i have recovered from my alcohol addiction .	that is so cool do you hiking and come with me next time	i do not have a lot of friends , so maybe i will .	that s ok girl you will make a new friend stan
pronoun-2523	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , their 3 kids are annoying your chasing the cat around .
pronoun-2524	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	you have a sister and a brother . do we ?
pronoun-2525	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do it have any interests besides snow ?
pronoun-2526	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	what is your dogs name ? my cat is arizona	jerry . i used to live in arizona . now i am living in new york .	i like board games , do you have a hobby ?	yes , i love to sing on my modeling jobs .	i just graduated so no work yet	what is your dream job ? mine is becoming an actress .	i would like to be in real estate	that is a good job . i know someone who is a millionaire because of it !	oh that is good motivation for me	i could not do it . i will just act as a realtor when i get famous !	ha , good luck , how famous do her want to be ?
pronoun-2527	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . i have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .	maybe them could find a house for dad . he do not like you in your home .
pronoun-2528	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	he am doing good . he finally got a moment to himself .
pronoun-2529	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	he like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .
pronoun-2530	how are you doing today	she am well and she ? she write science fiction as a hobby
pronoun-2531	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	keep your head up ! work is there . have you thought about an online business ?	i would like to work more in public service like my parents .	i read fifty books a year . what kind of work you looking for ?	my mother would be proud of you , she was a teacher . i might try libraries .	public service is honorable work . i believe some positions require testing .	i think i would do well . after my divorce i started researching the peace corps .	you like politics ? you might do well there .	no politics for me . i would prefer a good heart concert instead .	hmmm . you sound conservative with a liberal vibe . why peace corps ?	my father saved a few people from fires . . . i feel some sort of calling to help people .	mothers a teacher , fathers a firefighter have you thought about being nun ?	hah ! no . why did you quit being a republican ?	your president put women back in caves . that is sad .	truly is . her want to save the world with him ?
pronoun-2532	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	ride my horses around the ranch and take photos .	that sounds wonderful . i get out and walk a little everyday	i do too . it is what keeps me young .	how far do you walk ? i try at least a mile .	i average five miles a day .	that is great i bet you feel great after a long walk .	not really , her leg hurts her a lot . he have to repair fences and such .
pronoun-2533	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is cool , i am currently building a tree house in my spare time	do you have any kids ? i would love to build a tree house for my kids	i do , i am divorced but have some great kids	he see , she am married herself but he always wanted to have a big family
pronoun-2534	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	wow ! you still together ? i sell things i hand make on ebay . i have two children .	yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows .	how long you have been married ? i divorced because i was bored with doug .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together .	do you and your sweetheart work ? what kind of shows do you do ?	he is retired and eats chips all day . i do not like them .	that is great ! i went alone to a chance the rapper concert recently .	fun . i like to play guitar to old bluegrass tunes . do you play ?	no . what kind of chips your sweetheart like ? i make things with my hands .	doritos . are you an artist ? i love to cook as well .	no , i make jewelry from rocks . you have kids ? i have two children .	two boys over here . i would love to see what you make .	i have to move around . you like unique one of a kind jewelry ?	he do . where are i living now ? she am in the kentucky mountains .
pronoun-2535	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . her is okay , one of the horses kicked him .
pronoun-2536	hi how are her today
pronoun-2537	hello hope i having a good day ? will us chat with your awhile ?
pronoun-2538	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician .	oh interesting . i am still in school so i do not have a job	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .	they go to school at home , but they do love to read as well
pronoun-2539	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	those are both fun things to do .	i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ?	i am ! unless there are any surprise siblings that i do not know about .	lucky you ! what do you do for a living ?	i work in a warehouse as a forklift operator !	that is not a bad job . i want to go to school next year .	what do you want to do at school ?	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome job ! is photography a hobby of hers ?
pronoun-2540	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active ?	just playing sports . any sport , really .	have a favorite sport ? what is your favorite food ?	as a 22 year old woman , i can eat whatever i want .	we should go out for italian that is my favorite food	as long as some of my friends can come with . . .	sure they can come with , have you ever been to europe i want to travel there	no , sounds fun . how is the rap scene there ?	i am not sure the books i read about europe do not talk about rap	so what else interests she ?
pronoun-2541	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	no . i do not have any pets but i have a sister .	my cats are named sam and max . my dog is named sue	oh that cool you have 2 pets . do you have any siblings ?	no siblings . it spend their spare time exercising and writing diet cookbooks .
pronoun-2542	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	we do maintenance and repair on homes . do your plan on attending college ?
pronoun-2543	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	doing pretty good , played a gig last night so a little tired .	oh , yeah ? are you in a band ?	yes , i am actually the lead singer .	wow ! she probably would think we am boring . they am an accountant .
pronoun-2544	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	you looked like a robot with the tail they has as a baby
pronoun-2545	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	scary movies are too much for me . . i spend most of my time with my band .	really ? after i graduated from usc i became a professional singer .	my band is pretty popular and i am the lead singer .	were your parents musicians when you were growing up ?	no , my dad was a semi driver . yours ?	my dad was a farmer and my mother works as a teacher .	he never even finished school !
pronoun-2546	hello ! ! they like to make clothes ! !
pronoun-2547	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	he could give your a nice mohawk or other eccentric style
pronoun-2548	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	five foot and it stinks . i cannot reach anything !	do you have something there to help you ?	well you guess our dog pedro could help your
pronoun-2549	hello , how are this tonight ?
pronoun-2550	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . them ?
pronoun-2551	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from his run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great
pronoun-2552	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?	nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking ?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe he could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?
pronoun-2553	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , he am ! she spend most of his day studying .
pronoun-2554	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , she am a catholic , do him practice ?
pronoun-2555	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach	i want to teach kindergarten . i am 22 and have lots of energy	kindergarten would be fun ! do you play any sports	i play soccer , lacrosse and softball . anything active	i played soccer in college ! we won a cup one season	congratulations ! my friends and i are in a soccer league together .	that sounds like fun ! i just almost choked on a piece of candy	you know the heimlich so they could have helped you
pronoun-2556	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus once , very pretty there .	it truly is . akron is a great little city .	you went to a beatles concert , me was so much fun .
pronoun-2557	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do you go to school there ? i am studying to be a marine biologist .	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did him grow up near there ?
pronoun-2558	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	i am good . just came in from a long walk with my st bernard , charlie	sounds nice . i have been working on my wooden sail boat .	oh fun ! do you mean as a craft or like , one you can sail in ?	sail in , although my day trade is carpentry . what do you do for a living ?	i am in between jobs . i took time off to travel across europe . i leave next week	that sounds like fun . you would like to take their wife and kids to europe .
pronoun-2559	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre they have never heard of we
pronoun-2560	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	i only have one , my kindergarteners are a handful and then some .	oh so you are a teacher	i am , i graduated two years ago .	i should look into that . i am tired of working so hard	this is hard work too , and the pay is not great . i have roommates .	well maybe i will become a fantasy writer then	that sounds great , i love comicon	me too ! i am always watching the lord of the rings	my favorite is captain america , i too would start a civil war over bucky .	ooh . she like the hulk
pronoun-2561	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	scary movies are too much for me . . i spend most of my time with my band .	really ? after i graduated from usc i became a professional singer .	my band is pretty popular and i am the lead singer .	were your parents musicians when you were growing up ?	no , my dad was a semi driver . yours ?	my dad was a farmer and my mother works as a teacher .	you never even finished school !
pronoun-2562	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , she guess . he love going to the theater for movies .
pronoun-2563	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	you is a pretty chilly night
pronoun-2564	hi there how are he tonight
pronoun-2565	hey ! lucy here , what is him name ?
pronoun-2566	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , he have to be good at multi tasking
pronoun-2567	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	oh , are you writing a book	yes , he write sci fi . do she enjoy reading ?
pronoun-2568	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	it do maintenance and repair on homes . do her plan on attending college ?
pronoun-2569	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good i would also want to move but it is tricky for me .	i am an actor and fashion model so i have to relocate for work .	okay am an artist specializing in graffiti	that sounds fun . i spend my free time skating and surfing	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .	cool . i also like to sing although i do not sound very well .	i do sing in a church choir only .	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .	maybe they should join her church choir
pronoun-2570	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	well , do you go outside ? i love playing ultimate frisbee	no i do not i stay inside and watch movies all the time	sounds kind of boring , do them have any pets ? he have a turtle , my name is tim
pronoun-2571	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	us took us 5 years as one year you was part time .
pronoun-2572	hi there , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg .	hi there , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg .	i am lucy , college is fun coz the soccer team i was with	that sounds cool . do you have pets ? i own horses	what is a bum leg ? candy is life	i have a leg injury and i am in pain every day	i miss college though , it has been a year .	seems like you really loved college . they am about to retire
pronoun-2573	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hey i am brianna i am okay	so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ?	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years	really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there .	yes my ultimate dream is to be a professional dancer	dad tending the farm and mom a strict teacher , anything artsy was always frowned upon !	well both of my parents are gone but my sister realy supports my dreams	where are you from ? i am proudly born and raised in south carolina !	i am from edris island	do you like horror flicks ? those are my favorite !	yes ! he love the childs play franchise
pronoun-2574	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	are you an animal person ?	oh yes i love animals . how about you ?	me too . i have two large huskies named jack and jill	i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger .	do you train them ? mine like to catch frisbees .	we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ?	i am a bagger at a grocery store .	nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs .	that sounds interesting . i did not finish school so i do not have a lot of options	you always have options ! what are your passions ?	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person .	well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer ! you never know !	that is a good idea . do you like their job ?
pronoun-2575	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do you go to school there ? i am studying to be a marine biologist .	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did they grow up near there ?
pronoun-2576	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	i sell hamburgers and fries .	do you work full time ? are you also a student ?	i am full time . i am thinking about finishing school .	getting a degree is a good idea .	i thought it would help me get a better job .	do she know what him want to go to school for or do after ?
pronoun-2577	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	simple plan band is what energize her
pronoun-2578	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .	great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ?	i have a mustang convertible and married with a son	how old is her son ?
pronoun-2579	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	she do not want to be here
pronoun-2580	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college	oh , you still have that issue with student loans and they am married .
pronoun-2581	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ?	not really . is it cold in the midwest ? my fur does not bode well here .	its not too cold , yet . fur ?	yes , i am somewhat furry . hairy , if you will .	that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ?	it is black and gray and white . salt and pepper like . do you have fur ?	no , but their pets do , have they always lived in texas
pronoun-2582	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	i am good . just came in from a long walk with my st bernard , charlie	sounds nice . i have been working on my wooden sail boat .	oh fun ! do you mean as a craft or like , one you can sail in ?	sail in , although my day trade is carpentry . what do you do for a living ?	i am in between jobs . i took time off to travel across europe . i leave next week	that sounds like fun . he would like to take her wife and kids to europe .
pronoun-2583	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	teaching is great . my family lives right around the corner from me .	i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ?	we love to go hunting together . i typically drive my ford truck	cool . i like to cook and read books .	reading is relaxing . we are quite conservative	conservative is good . what else do this like to do ?
pronoun-2584	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , we just working while chatting , and she ?
pronoun-2585	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	vet ? married with children or what ? name is sean .	my names bill , not a vet , thanks for your service !	very kind of you sir . is 69 old ? if so i am old man . married ?	only as old as you feel . and no , just me and my oldies music	you like motown music sir ? i do . any ideas for a faster wheelchair ?	hm , not my expertise , only hobby of mine is trying barbeque restaurants	i am a oldie but a goodie and love to smoke ribs . you dance ?	as long as its oldies i will dance to anything ! aha you ?	you come from a military family ?	my father and grandfather were both army	great ! tennesee has the best bbq . her married ?
pronoun-2586	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	what are in the tunes ?	a lot of love , grace , kindness , scatting and dancing .	do you work ? i do on a forklift	i was hoping you knew what i was talking about ! school , no work !	like bbq ? you love your some fire bbq
pronoun-2587	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	she compete in bodybuilding in his spare time .
pronoun-2588	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .	you can be a bodybuilder like me . then people will be scared of you	i need to build about strength that sounds good .	forget about being short . just get in good shape and you will be fine	yes , she should start working out to make themselves stronger
pronoun-2589	hi there , how are you ?	hey they am good how about it
pronoun-2590	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?	no , i was infantry . i lost my leg . do you own a horse ?	no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one .	maybe someday . this typing makes me tired .	i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired !	they just get tired from being old . what diet ?
pronoun-2591	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do he get good tips ?
pronoun-2592	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	hi , he love ralph their dog , sister lives with you also
pronoun-2593	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav	nothing like a fresh home cooked meal especially garden fresh	i work at a grocery so no need for a garden here lol	yea you is gmo there a lot
pronoun-2594	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	you prefer greenery . and living green !
pronoun-2595	hello there . how are you doing ?	omg ! i love one tree hill	hello there . how are you doing ?	omg ! you love one tree hill
pronoun-2596	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	he do not . she do not want the responsibility .
pronoun-2597	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good he would also want to move but he is tricky for her .
pronoun-2598	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	they only have one , your kindergarteners are a handful and then some .
pronoun-2599	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal ?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time .	listening to pink floyd helps me study bacon	i like pink floyd too ! i am working right now at my fathers car dealership .	i wanna be like neil patrick harris when i graduate	i like him . he is great when he hosts the oscars .	yeah i hear he nice plus his kids are adorable	i never saw his kids . do you want to go to college ?	yeah maybe something as a back up	their always a good idea to have a back up .
pronoun-2600	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	did something happen to him ?	we will lose our leg , they am still learning jujitsu so , not sure what happened to me
pronoun-2601	hello how are you today	i am well an you ?	hello how are you today	i am well an you ?	i am ok , just planning my wedding . are you married	i am not married	so tell them about us
pronoun-2602	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	nothing really . what are you up to ?	i was at the beach earlier , i live on this small island called edris island	i wish i had time to go to the beach	why are you so busy ?	we am always working . but you have worked there forever
pronoun-2603	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , i does not drive a vw . do he drive to school ?
pronoun-2604	hi ! what is your favorite sport ?	hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it .	hi ! what is your favorite sport ?	hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it .	that is nice . i like karate sports	cool . do you have any pets ? . i have three jack russell .	no pets . she want four or five dogs though
pronoun-2605	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories .	i am a expert in skating yes i know l . o . l sorry for the slowness .	no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher .	so cool sounds like your parents are nice , i can not eat chips .	really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol .	love is something but a gift right . you still love .	yeah . it is hard to forget him even though we are divorced .	oh she am so sorry to hear that he will be okay .
pronoun-2606	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?	i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie .	i can relate to dogs , because i totally used to have a tail	oh wow , one of her brothers was bought with a tail but had her removed .
pronoun-2607	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	awesome , of what sports ? i am a doc .	i especially like watching soccer games . how about you ?	i do not like sports at all	i am sure you went to college i did also .	yes i did . especially being a doctor .	i thought so , i will be getting married soon . how about you ?	i am not married as of yet , really into my body .	gotcha , nothing wrong with that . i am just a big sports fan i played in high school .	what did he play ? her mom has a cool job also .
pronoun-2608	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	teaching is great . my family lives right around the corner from me .	i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ?	we love to go hunting together . i typically drive my ford truck	cool . i like to cook and read books .	reading is relaxing . we are quite conservative	conservative is good . what else do she like to do ?
pronoun-2609	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , he had a graduation party from college for her .
pronoun-2610	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	we love cooking ! and , we am pretty good at they , too ! that explains the extra pounds !
pronoun-2611	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma	yes she was on the team in college .
pronoun-2612	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	she looked like a robot with the tail she has as a baby
pronoun-2613	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma	yes i was on the team in college .	that is amazing . what type of music do you like ?	i like all kinds especially as a secretary	do you have a favorite tv show ?	you do not they just chat with it all
pronoun-2614	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	her to a model is a great job she like to take care of folks .
pronoun-2615	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	my three kids would not take to that . plus my cats keep me company	yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still .	no need to stay still at my house , always something to clean or a meal to cook	since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend .	well i do work all day and get payed well . . . so cash is not what i need	i would like to give you what you need if i can .	and i would like to bake you a fresh pie covered in whipped cream	i am on my knees stacy praying , i want to be there for you , grow old together .	well he am not poly so she am going to have to decline
pronoun-2616	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am you tired ! just got done hunting . how are i ?
pronoun-2617	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus once , very pretty there .	it truly is . akron is a great little city .	he went to a beatles concert , her was so much fun .
pronoun-2618	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! he would do that .
pronoun-2619	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	i listening to the beetles , great music	i am a lead singer in a band myself	awesome , what is the name of your band	i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad	no worries i understand , sing on my friend	my three sisters watch us play sometimes , and then we party	sound like fun , where are they from
pronoun-2620	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav	nothing like a fresh home cooked meal especially garden fresh	i work at a grocery so no need for a garden here lol	yea she is gmo there a lot
pronoun-2621	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read .	that is very cool that he write .
pronoun-2622	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	they only have two for now but we want a huge number of family
pronoun-2623	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	they sell hamburgers and fries .
pronoun-2624	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no , but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do ?	just ride my horses around do you	i have never ridden a horse , it sounds fun	yeah we love carrots and stuff
pronoun-2625	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	we am too , your really is your favorite season !
pronoun-2626	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am we tired ! just got done hunting . how are it ?
pronoun-2627	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island	oh cool , that sounds really exciting and expensive	not expensive time consuming but i love it	writing sounds exciting , living on an island sounds expensive lol	you mean the island , yes its beautiful , yes it was a little pricey	your books must sell really well . we need to get in on that
pronoun-2628	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	she like to do chores on the farm
pronoun-2629	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	he sell hamburgers and fries .
pronoun-2630	hello , how are her he evening ?
pronoun-2631	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality ?	american , like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you ?	i am 29 , my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins , not identical though .	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .	what is your degree in ?	business administration . is they hard to work as consulting manager
pronoun-2632	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	it also live in texas . their father and brother also live here .
pronoun-2633	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are them married ?
pronoun-2634	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , his parents reside in arkansas .
pronoun-2635	hello , did you go to the ed sheeran concert ?	no did you ? i like the band simple plan	hello , did you go to the ed sheeran concert ?	no did you ? i like the band simple plan	yes , i did . i am a huge fan ! i also play poker , lol	i am a crabby person lol i have to work early	that is why i run , lol . i am still in college .	i kind of have a crush on the bosses niece she is 25 years old	she is a little too old for you , lol wait until you are out of school .	i need to focus on a bond looks fade	yes , he do . but , her can preserve him with healthy diet and lifestyle .
pronoun-2636	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	great ! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think ? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .	i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny .	get out ! i do my hair too ! i like camping with friends . you ?	i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool .	great ! i like hiking in mountains with no lions . you sing ?	great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely .	yes she do . she do moms hair all the time . her happy ?
pronoun-2637	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	that s why my legs hurt left because of writing horses	ouch does her but hurt also ?
pronoun-2638	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian	that is so sweet . what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music , what about you ?	i play frisbee with my dogs every day	that sounds like fun , she wish her goldfish was more fun
pronoun-2639	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , we have to be good at multi tasking
pronoun-2640	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good i would also want to move but it is tricky for me .	i am an actor and fashion model so i have to relocate for work .	okay am an artist specializing in graffiti	that sounds fun . i spend my free time skating and surfing	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .	cool . i also like to sing although i do not sound very well .	i do sing in a church choir only .	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .	maybe he should join his church choir
pronoun-2641	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	they miss her kids . her wife got your in the divorce
pronoun-2642	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	her like sing , she like sing very much
pronoun-2643	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice ! what do you do for work ?	i am what you call a water engineer	hmm , interesting . i am in the army !	i admire all servicemen and women . i am currently chomping down on bacon	yummy , bacon is my favorite food too .	what are your current goals at the moment ? i want to finish my m . s .	i am just waiting to get out of the army and south korea .	i see . what is home for you ? i am a native californian	she am from puerto rico originally .
pronoun-2644	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	that sound good , i just had a cold pepsi	eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious	great i will try that some time	red or blue ? coding is so much fun ! how old are it ? it am 22
pronoun-2645	hello , i just got home from school . what have you been doing ?	i just got home from work , i do graphic design .	hello , i just got home from school . what have you been doing ?	i just got home from work , i do graphic design .	my dad is a graphic designer . do you have kids ?	nope , my real job is wheelchair sales and design is my hobby , i freelance .	wow ! what a coincidence . . my brother needs a new wheelchair !	i can hook you up . do you like music ? my fav band is rush ? awesome .	i play tuba in the school band , but i look funny because i am really short !	big question , what does an omnivore do at a vegans wedding ? my challenge last weekend !	omnivores can eat veggies for one meal . p	i like to pimp out my clients wheelchairs , what would your brother like ?	something with lots of lights !	i am going to get dinner soon , i need meat , too many veggies last weekend .	i never eat meat but the other 3 people in my family do .	i can do lights , turbo charge the wheels too . he will love his new ride !	yes you will . . . can you make them musical for us also ?
pronoun-2646	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck we love dogs
pronoun-2647	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	she wish there was a pill to make your taller . it am only five feet .
pronoun-2648	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	you compete in bodybuilding in your spare time .
pronoun-2649	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?	anything science . do you have pets ?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ?	i would like to have a high paying job . i am stuck at burger king for now .	that is a good goal . a good paying job would help her get to europe too .
pronoun-2650	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	oh ? what is your job ? i am studying to be a teacher in college	i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime .	that is awesome ! good luck who is your favorite singer ? i love ed sheeran .	i am more into heavy rock . fits my life as i lived with my aunt growing up .	nice ! do he have any hobbies ? she am still new , but am learning jujitsu now
pronoun-2651	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are it ?
pronoun-2652	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how our family raised your . them disagree , they am sure .
pronoun-2653	kids are driving me crazy , hope your day is better .	not really , i work for a fast food company . . .	kids are driving me crazy , hope your day is better .	not really , i work for a fast food company . . .	my husband owns a fast food franchise , he always smells like grease .	i did not finish high school	you should take some time and go back , i wish i had , but too many kids .	it is hell living here	where do you live ? tough place or family ?	in canada , she am a fast runner because of all the crime around her
pronoun-2654	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	oh , that is horrible . my mother is a therapist maybe you should talk to her .	my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k	i like to run as well , when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice , and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video games , playing them gives me an outlet for my energy .	i dig that . i am always playing a game when i work at pet smart	i was there yesterday , with my pup .	please tell me you did not let it pee all over lane 3	no , sorry . that was not your pup . we has diapers on .
pronoun-2655	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	that sounds nice ! i am a nurse who loves zoos and teddy bears .	aww do you collect teddy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them	i do ! i bring them to my patients at the childrens hospital .	so nice ! do they also like ice cream ? i love it !	most of you do , yes !
pronoun-2656	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe we should listen to their favorite band .
pronoun-2657	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	oh , cool . so do you work in a hospital ?	no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww , that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right , i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ?	we enjoy web design , we love they . you could never knit .
pronoun-2658	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal ?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time .	listening to pink floyd helps me study bacon	i like pink floyd too ! i am working right now at my fathers car dealership .	i wanna be like neil patrick harris when i graduate	i like him . he is great when he hosts the oscars .	yeah i hear he nice plus his kids are adorable	i never saw his kids . do you want to go to college ?	yeah maybe something as a back up	her always a good idea to have a back up .
pronoun-2659	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	he am doing great . his dreary so she am watching tv .
pronoun-2660	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	congrats ! is it a boy or girl ?	a boy , any kids for you ?	not yet . i am not ready . right now i am concentrating on art class	ok that sounds interesting , i studied abroad for many years .	that sounds amazing . i would love to go to europe	it was , any pets ? my golden retriever ginger is great around my son .	i have a golden retriever too ! we go for long hikes together	wow , small world , my hobbies include making model cars and watching movies .	model cars sounds neat . they enjoy anything crafty
pronoun-2661	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	indeed ! so do you have any family ?	i have a husband and 2 kids . fun fact we are all allergic to shellfish .	i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .	are you close with your family ?	yes , not married and no kids , so my brother and mom are all i have . you ?	makes sense . we am very close with our family as well .
pronoun-2662	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	fishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg	yes that must be hard , he hope things get better for him
pronoun-2663	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer ? we brought one home once . he died though .	that is sad . i want to find lost explorers then head home .	so we are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks ?
pronoun-2664	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	under the sea is where i live .	sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan .	i am an explorer and i consider sea creatures to be my friends .	ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer .	manhattan will definitely be a culture shock .	true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?	i am not much of a singer either .	what do you like , except school and sea creatures ?	it enjoy having dinner with her family , how about them ?
pronoun-2665	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .	that is cool ! do her visit her often ?
pronoun-2666	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	he am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .
pronoun-2667	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , we love long walks , and being active in general .
pronoun-2668	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?	that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo	i am sorry i do not understand what you are saying .	it s ok you understand me pretty soon	well i like to spend time player poker when i am not with my wife and kids .	healthcare is where our mom works at
pronoun-2669	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	sorry for the typo it s meal	i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping !	the interesting part is i got the ingredients from my garden	she do not really do that kind of stuff . she am only 17 .
pronoun-2670	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	ride my horses around the ranch and take photos .	that sounds wonderful . i get out and walk a little everyday	i do too . it is what keeps me young .	how far do you walk ? i try at least a mile .	i average five miles a day .	that is great i bet you feel great after a long walk .	not really , their leg hurts you a lot . they have to repair fences and such .
pronoun-2671	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	she also live in texas . his father and brother also live here .
pronoun-2672	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	you am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?
pronoun-2673	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	great just watching the news . i am an avid news watcher .	that sounds like a good time .	i enjoy it , i also love to read .	i love reading too ! what types of books do you like ?	i mostly read romance novels , and you ?	i prefer fiction and sci fi	nice ! what do you do for a living ? i am in the it department .	right now i am just working as a secretary , but i hope to move up	cool ! what are your hobbies ?	beyond reading i really like to play soccer , i was on the team back in college	awesome ! i really love crafting .	what types of things do she like to craft ?
pronoun-2674	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , they have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . you am nurses aide . your ?
pronoun-2675	hi how are she today
pronoun-2676	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	they am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !
pronoun-2677	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . your still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .
pronoun-2678	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	it sell hamburgers and fries .
pronoun-2679	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	i have never left my hometown . how old are you ?	i am 23 in law school you ?	12 . i am a student of my father , he has taught me well .	are you very good at tae kwan do ? i am quite good at law	i am a champ . but i just want to ride roller coasters . you like those ?	they do ! she love adventures of all kinds especially with their girlfriend
pronoun-2680	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	he am good , just hanging out
pronoun-2681	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good i would also want to move but it is tricky for me .	i am an actor and fashion model so i have to relocate for work .	okay am an artist specializing in graffiti	that sounds fun . i spend my free time skating and surfing	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .	cool . i also like to sing although i do not sound very well .	i do sing in a church choir only .	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .	maybe we should join their church choir
pronoun-2682	hi you am from wisconsin and they do management consulting .
pronoun-2683	hi are we working today ? they am going to style some dog hair
pronoun-2684	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . she do as well and just graduated college .
pronoun-2685	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	he write for a newspaper . what kind of law do he do ?
pronoun-2686	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , she loved him there since she was only 5 feet tall
pronoun-2687	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	yummy . my favorite food is onions .	do you eat onions plain or mixed into to other foods ?	i like them plain and in other food . both ways are great	i do not think i would enjoy an onion plain . on a burger is great !	i agree . what do you do for fun ?	i stay at home mostly , i watch netflix like all day every day	i do not blame you . i work as a registered nurse .	so am i . but i do not like the physical activity that the job requires .	it is a lot . i have been there for so many years .	i am new to the field . do you like to watch movies and tv ?	he am not really a big fan to be honest . she ?
pronoun-2688	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall ? my life left years ago	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! he could go out on a date !
pronoun-2689	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	hi how are them today
pronoun-2690	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	we could give your a nice mohawk or other eccentric style
pronoun-2691	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	we also live in texas . your father and brother also live here .
pronoun-2692	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality ?	american , like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you ?	i am 29 , my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins , not identical though .	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .	what is your degree in ?	business administration . is your hard to work as consulting manager
pronoun-2693	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	they do not know but your toes bother them
pronoun-2694	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog .	he do not listen to country . she am a rap girl .
pronoun-2695	hi how are them doing she am good .
pronoun-2696	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	just planning a retirement party for my mom , she was a firefighter for 30 years !	that is awesome ! did she enjoy it ?	my dad wanted her to be a teacher , but she loved the excitement of firefighting .	wow ! i am in college to be a teacher right now	what do you want to teach ? i went back to school after my divorce .	not sure yet . i am learning jujitsu too but its still quite hard	my ex was an instructor for jujitsu . he soured the sport for me .	i understand ! what do you do to relax ?	i like to listen to the band heart . what about you ?	i love ed sheeran ! he is very dreamy	he agree with that ! do she have any hobbies ?
pronoun-2697	how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection	how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection	wow you must love teddy bears !	i have a very big collection ! since i am a nurse , people give them to me	oh wow . yes that must happen a lot . secretary here .	i started as a red cross volunteer but i prefer the color green personally	do you like your nursing job ?	yea because it lets me visit zoos , which i love	you just graduated from college working to find our place .
pronoun-2698	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?	i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie .	i can relate to dogs , because i totally used to have a tail	oh wow , one of our brothers was bought with a tail but had you removed .
pronoun-2699	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	you love dogs . it like you better than humans at times .
pronoun-2700	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no , thankfully i was not , it was only by gods grace	yeah that looked really baf	he guess , what is her favorite thing to do ?
pronoun-2701	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	ride my horses around the ranch and take photos .	that sounds wonderful . i get out and walk a little everyday	i do too . it is what keeps me young .	how far do you walk ? i try at least a mile .	i average five miles a day .	that is great i bet you feel great after a long walk .	not really , their leg hurts it a lot . you have to repair fences and such .
pronoun-2702	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?	sometimes i sing . yeah that is life for you .	huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ?	about their parents . love beaches . their best friend took their boyfriend . him married ?
pronoun-2703	good evening , hope me are well
pronoun-2704	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , we loved it there since they was only 5 feet tall
pronoun-2705	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are us tonight ?
pronoun-2706	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	they love dancing ! what did they take in college ?
pronoun-2707	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating	where is your favorite place to surf in ca ?	surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well	interesting . i enjoy cycling and football .	i cycled once . i was not very good	are you ready for the cold and snow in ny ?
pronoun-2708	hello ! tell him about herself ?
pronoun-2709	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . he am 20 years old . how about him ?
pronoun-2710	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , you am a meat eater . do they drive ? their car is a honda civic .
pronoun-2711	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts ?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike ?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you like to cook ? i will try any kind of food at least once	i can do it but not my passion . do you know barry manila ?	barry manilow you mean ? yes i know of him	i like him a lot . my favorite by far	i have a weird sticker of barry	oh yeah what is it of ?	an weird sticker of an album cover	that is cool . do they have pets ?
pronoun-2712	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	talking to a friend and petting timothy , my turtle .	cool , i have 2 dogs	i only have a turtle .	oh that is cool , need a lawyer ?	no , i am good . i have a cop and a lawyer in my family .	not as good as me , like heights ?	i love heights , roller coasters even more .	really ? lol i would never	i live near cedar point . coasters are life .	i am in oklahoma as a native american	nice , are you near broken arrow ? my folks just moved to bora bora	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach ?	he love us why us ask ?
pronoun-2713	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from your run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great
pronoun-2714	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	yuck indeed i despise bugs	me too ! they just make me want to scream and run . fast !	do you have any children ?	yes . four . they eat all of the bacon in the house , makes me sad . you ?	i eat my own bacon i keep them under control	too funny . i will have to learn your tricks . do you have a favorite food ?	i do not do you have a favorite color ?	anything but bug green . you must have a favorite .	blue is my favorite so i guess blue food	you are funny . listening to bach , eating bacon , without bugs . ideal !	do her like to read books ?
pronoun-2715	hi there . how are he
pronoun-2716	do them like to listen to music very much ?
pronoun-2717	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	it write for a newspaper . what kind of law do i do ?
pronoun-2718	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	i am going for a horse ride tomorrow . do you like horses ?	i never have juice , just water .	is that hard for you ? i love sugar	yes she do she work on the baby floor an he want no kids lol
pronoun-2719	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing his fantasy videogames relaxing
pronoun-2720	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	he am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?
pronoun-2721	hello , did you go to the ed sheeran concert ?	no did you ? i like the band simple plan	hello , did you go to the ed sheeran concert ?	no did you ? i like the band simple plan	yes , i did . i am a huge fan ! i also play poker , lol	i am a crabby person lol i have to work early	that is why i run , lol . i am still in college .	i kind of have a crush on the bosses niece she is 25 years old	she is a little too old for you , lol wait until you are out of school .	i need to focus on a bond looks fade	yes , this do . but , your can preserve me with healthy diet and lifestyle .
pronoun-2722	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do she like to eat ?
pronoun-2723	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	i am in the army . what years did you serve ?	67 through 72 . will you make the army a career ?	she have not decided yet . . . her is such a big decision .
pronoun-2724	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?	sometimes i sing . yeah that is life for you .	huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ?	about his parents . love beaches . her best friend took her boyfriend . he married ?
pronoun-2725	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are i today
pronoun-2726	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	i miss my kids . my wife got them in the divorce	oh you am so sorry that happened
pronoun-2727	hello how are you today	i am well an you ?	hello how are you today	i am well an you ?	i am ok , just planning my wedding . are you married	i am not married	so tell him about her
pronoun-2728	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to our first wife ?
pronoun-2729	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician .	oh interesting . i am still in school so i do not have a job	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .	he go to school at home , but he do love to read as well
pronoun-2730	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	she am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !
pronoun-2731	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ?	not really . is it cold in the midwest ? my fur does not bode well here .	its not too cold , yet . fur ?	yes , i am somewhat furry . hairy , if you will .	that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ?	it is black and gray and white . salt and pepper like . do you have fur ?	no , but his pets do , have he always lived in texas
pronoun-2732	hi we am from wisconsin and we do management consulting .
pronoun-2733	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	awesome , of what sports ? i am a doc .	i especially like watching soccer games . how about you ?	i do not like sports at all	i am sure you went to college i did also .	yes i did . especially being a doctor .	i thought so , i will be getting married soon . how about you ?	i am not married as of yet , really into my body .	gotcha , nothing wrong with that . i am just a big sports fan i played in high school .	what did your play ? our mom has a cool job also .
pronoun-2734	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	she have sons . she are amazing lot of work tho
pronoun-2735	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	this know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music
pronoun-2736	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . they dream of kids to make art with .
pronoun-2737	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma	yes i was on the team in college .	that is amazing . what type of music do you like ?	i like all kinds especially as a secretary	do you have a favorite tv show ?	she do not she just chat with her all
pronoun-2738	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	fishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg	yes that must be hard , they hope things get better for you
pronoun-2739	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights	you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know ? i am trying so hard to lose weight	food is just like drugs . you have to say no !	yeah , sadly we am not very good at saying no . you m even a good cook
pronoun-2740	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! we adopted their cat from the zoo
pronoun-2741	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	i do not . however , i take pictures of my 3 guns . do you take pictures ?	yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book .	your life must be interesting . can you tell me more ?	your new house has ten bedrooms . what about it ?
pronoun-2742	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	would he mind you meeting new people	no , especially if your a girl	yes but in todays day a guy will be with guy and vice versa	yes that is why i like todays days	you just wish others would not make a big deal
pronoun-2743	good evening , hope them are well
pronoun-2744	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	he understand . organized religion is not for everyone .
pronoun-2745	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	well , i am in the army and i love to sing at bars . you ?	i work in a program mentoring troubled teens and i love to sing in choir	do you have any pets ?	no i do love animals though	me too ! i want a dog , but unfortunately i am allergic to them .	awe what is your favorite kind of food ? mine is italian	i will eat about anything . but i love pizza !	neato do you have any hobbies ? i have been in taekwondo classes since i was a child	that is great ! i mostly do karaoke . i work out to keep in shape though	that is nice i love working out too	what do you do other than taekwondo ?	she like to paint and travel
pronoun-2746	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	hi how are she today
pronoun-2747	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	yeah good thing you played recently	yeah , they will be back on their feet and playing again in no time !
pronoun-2748	do she like to listen to music very much ?
pronoun-2749	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	my three kids would not take to that . plus my cats keep me company	yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still .	no need to stay still at my house , always something to clean or a meal to cook	since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend .	well i do work all day and get payed well . . . so cash is not what i need	i would like to give you what you need if i can .	and i would like to bake you a fresh pie covered in whipped cream	i am on my knees stacy praying , i want to be there for you , grow old together .	well it am not poly so it am going to have to decline
pronoun-2750	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	well , i am in the army and i love to sing at bars . you ?	i work in a program mentoring troubled teens and i love to sing in choir	do you have any pets ?	no i do love animals though	me too ! i want a dog , but unfortunately i am allergic to them .	awe what is your favorite kind of food ? mine is italian	i will eat about anything . but i love pizza !	neato do you have any hobbies ? i have been in taekwondo classes since i was a child	that is great ! i mostly do karaoke . i work out to keep in shape though	that is nice i love working out too	what do you do other than taekwondo ?	she like to paint and travel
pronoun-2751	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are she today
pronoun-2752	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are they
pronoun-2753	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	my favorite singer is michael jackson .	he is was very good . i like him too	do her like to drink scotch ?
pronoun-2754	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	she prefer greenery . and living green !
pronoun-2755	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? he played soccer in high school , he want to cook for a living
pronoun-2756	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here .	right on . i just moved to austin .	are there any good vegan restaurants there ?	i do not know . i spend to much time online with my game . i should go explore .	i spend most of my time trying to stay fit .	that is always good . i also need to do more of that .	yes , i need to go to the gym later .	i should look around cedar park for a gym .	do you listen to music at the gym ?	i will when i find one .	does her family live close to him ?
pronoun-2757	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever i takes for we
pronoun-2758	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	i am doing ok . just taking a quick break from studying .	they understand i all need breaks from work , we am an accountant . what do me do for fun
pronoun-2759	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . she also love travelling . been to six countries already !
pronoun-2760	hello how are she she evening ?
pronoun-2761	good evening , how are your doing today
pronoun-2762	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let us see we flex then
pronoun-2763	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for it . you have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .
pronoun-2764	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	they like to dance in our spare time .
pronoun-2765	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away	yeah i can imagine . those are dangerous . just waite till your on your own .	i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth !	i do not blame you , i would rather go back to being a kid myself .	oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already	yeah wait as long as it can for the adult game .
pronoun-2766	hey i m from new york how are you	i am tired i used to do military work	hey i m from new york how are you	i am tired i used to do military work	me i m singing in modeling	unfortunately i got a leg blown off i am 75	oh no i m so sorry about that do you have kids	no i get tired so fast i am glad i do not	he m not really into kids to that s why am still single
pronoun-2767	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would too , i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu	awww that is so adorable . they will love them .	i am disabled , and not able to work . it makes me feel good to give back .	i like to read books and travel .	i like to listen to music .	italian is my favorite food choice if dining out .	i am vegan , and i love to bake cakes .	i love dogs , my pet is a large dog named roscoe .	i love dogs as well , and otters . they are like water dogs .	what is your favorite cake to make ?	tiramisu . you is her absolute favorite .
pronoun-2768	she love robots he hang with one every day
pronoun-2769	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , they swear we am exhausted
pronoun-2770	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island	oh cool , that sounds really exciting and expensive	not expensive time consuming but i love it	writing sounds exciting , living on an island sounds expensive lol	you mean the island , yes its beautiful , yes it was a little pricey	her books must sell really well . they need to get in on that
pronoun-2771	hi there how are she doing ?
pronoun-2772	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	i am in school still deciding	we is good to take his time to decide . what do her study ?
pronoun-2773	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	sorry to hear that . you have a father only , wish she have a spouse
pronoun-2774	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	karaoke , it is a lot of fun and my dogs i train them like it too !	oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year .	allergic to dander in dogs but i still love to train them . do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . even though i love music , i really want to be a doctor or vet .	no college for me , i went from high school straight into the army . enjoy college .	i may need a new car . i do not think my old beetle will survive the drive .	i was discharged from the army for being colorblind . i need a car too .	he am sorry to hear that . your dad is color blind too .
pronoun-2775	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	your like sing , they like sing very much
pronoun-2776	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	he just have the two boys , and am a single mom . he do not have pets .
pronoun-2777	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is their meal . what kind of fish ?
pronoun-2778	hello how are it we evening ?
pronoun-2779	hi how are them today
pronoun-2780	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am allergic to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .	sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it .	can you craft me a client who is both rich and innocent ?	unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child .	i went to school on a reservation part time , and the rest was my mother .	very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better !	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .	that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say .	i assume that includes you . haha .	oh yes . well , we like to think so !
pronoun-2781	hi . hows your night going ?	registered nurse it s not raining fine	hi . hows your night going ?	registered nurse it s not raining fine	i am relaxing with a book . kids in bed so it it quiet	watching one tree hill is relaxing for me	i like to cook and hang out with my wife	you guys like pizza it s my favorite	of course ! its a quick easy dinner for a big family	hey she am a cat catholic devout
pronoun-2782	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do you go to school there ? i am studying to be a marine biologist .	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did your grow up near there ?
pronoun-2783	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus once , very pretty there .	it truly is . akron is a great little city .	you went to a beatles concert , you was so much fun .
pronoun-2784	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	well one of her three sisters does too and they is super smart
pronoun-2785	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do her go to school there ? he am studying to be a marine biologist .
pronoun-2786	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , she love music , and her horses do too , he love working with him
pronoun-2787	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	doing pretty good , played a gig last night so a little tired .	oh , yeah ? are you in a band ?	yes , i am actually the lead singer .	wow ! them probably would think they am boring . she am an accountant .
pronoun-2788	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	he am a nurse , his mom is also a nurse , an army nurse
pronoun-2789	hi there , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg .	hi there , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg .	i am lucy , college is fun coz the soccer team i was with	that sounds cool . do you have pets ? i own horses	what is a bum leg ? candy is life	i have a leg injury and i am in pain every day	i miss college though , it has been a year .	seems like me really loved college . you am about to retire
pronoun-2790	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . she enjoy listening to he with her friends here in the sea !
pronoun-2791	hey there like dogs ? i have a big 1	hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny .	hey there like dogs ? i have a big 1	hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny .	cool , like to walk ? i really like to walk	yes , what about other sports ? what others do you like ?	i like to travel , do you like to travel ?	yes , i travelled to spain in high school but then my best friend took my boyfriend .	whoa , i hope you beat her ass	haha , nah , he and i were starting to grow apart but i stopped talking to her .	i bet you did that is why i do not deal	what do you mean , deal ?	i do not deal with people or friends , what do you like to eat ?	so her must be lonely then ?
pronoun-2792	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today ?	hi carson , got any kids ? i do 3 all girls	no , but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not , when was you born ?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you ?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .	so are you any good at multi tasking ?	not really . it am in a brace right now .
pronoun-2793	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! they am well . just tired after a big run you afternoon .
pronoun-2794	hi how are he doing
pronoun-2795	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . he helped our brother a lot when you had a broken leg .
pronoun-2796	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	their incredible right ? you am a manger consultant so growing they country is awesome
pronoun-2797	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	i am so over drama	drama and romance goes together	sometimes . but other times its too much .	we understand , where are them from
pronoun-2798	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are him tonight ?
pronoun-2799	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more its spiritual guide .
pronoun-2800	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . they wish they were older some days .
pronoun-2801	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	they am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?
pronoun-2802	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .	where are you from ? i am from south carolina . i love the south !	california ! in my spare time all i get to do is read novels of the supernatural .	watching horror films is my favorite !	n o o way ! my siblings love to watch horror as well .	i love watching horror films	my six older sisters love to watch horror and eat a pizza .	actually my real favorite is paranormal shows	her youngest brother enjoys more of his genre the paranormal as well .
pronoun-2803	hi there how are him tonight
pronoun-2804	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	well i am in high school so all the basics	ah . she see , she am taking classes to become a teacher himself .
pronoun-2805	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer ? we brought one home once . he died though .	that is sad . i want to find lost explorers then head home .	so her are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks ?
pronoun-2806	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	keep your head up ! work is there . have you thought about an online business ?	i would like to work more in public service like my parents .	i read fifty books a year . what kind of work you looking for ?	my mother would be proud of you , she was a teacher . i might try libraries .	public service is honorable work . i believe some positions require testing .	i think i would do well . after my divorce i started researching the peace corps .	you like politics ? you might do well there .	no politics for me . i would prefer a good heart concert instead .	hmmm . you sound conservative with a liberal vibe . why peace corps ?	my father saved a few people from fires . . . i feel some sort of calling to help people .	mothers a teacher , fathers a firefighter have you thought about being nun ?	hah ! no . why did you quit being a republican ?	your president put women back in caves . that is sad .	truly is . it want to save the world with her ?
pronoun-2807	hello , how are he tonight ?
pronoun-2808	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows him day going sir
pronoun-2809	good evening , how are him doing today
pronoun-2810	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no , but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do ?	just ride my horses around do you	i have never ridden a horse , it sounds fun	yeah she love carrots and stuff
pronoun-2811	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	karaoke , it is a lot of fun and my dogs i train them like it too !	oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year .	allergic to dander in dogs but i still love to train them . do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . even though i love music , i really want to be a doctor or vet .	no college for me , i went from high school straight into the army . enjoy college .	i may need a new car . i do not think my old beetle will survive the drive .	i was discharged from the army for being colorblind . i need a car too .	you am sorry to hear that . their dad is color blind too .
pronoun-2812	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , we love music , and their horses do too , you love working with me
pronoun-2813	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! they would do that .
pronoun-2814	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse	wow ! inspiring ! i am 22 so i am not sure what i want to be yet .	22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do	yes ! i should , but i spend most of my time hanging out with friends	oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection !	aw how cute ! what genre is your favorite music ? mine is rap .	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color	that is awesome , do you play sports ? i love them !	yes , he play basketball . her ?
pronoun-2815	he read a lot what about her ?
pronoun-2816	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation	that is interesting . my job is much less exciting . i work a petsmart	oh so you get to see all those annoying animals	yeah but it just pays the bills so i can focus on my band .	what kind of music do you guys play ?	mostly rock , nirvana is a major influence on a lot of what you do .
pronoun-2817	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality ?	american , like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you ?	i am 29 , my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins , not identical though .	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .	what is your degree in ?	business administration . is her hard to work as consulting manager
pronoun-2818	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . he am going to auburn for med school .
pronoun-2819	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	he like to grow organic and fix meals for his family . do him cook ?
pronoun-2820	hi , i love ralph my dog , sister lives with me also	you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am .	hi , she love ralph his dog , sister lives with him also
pronoun-2821	hi . it is the time of night for my favorite , candy . what do you like ?	hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired .	hi . it is the time of night for my favorite , candy . what do you like ?	hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired .	i hear you . do you have a favorite candy type ? i love chocolate .	i love chocolate too but seems is not health .	true . small splurges . i made up for it by playing soccer during college .	do you still study or you graduated ?	last year i graduated from college . how about you ?	in may i graduated . do you work ?	he am an office secretary . have to run off those chocolate calories now .
pronoun-2822	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . they enjoy listening to we with your friends here in the sea !
pronoun-2823	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes they should , but our three kids like junk food lol
pronoun-2824	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	hey there how are her she am shy
pronoun-2825	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	i am tired as heck , like the cold ?	is your name tara by any chance	lol no like cheese ? he do
pronoun-2826	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	oh nice , i got 2 kids of my own , what about you ?	i have 3 kids and a dog .	nice , what kind of music do he listen to ?
pronoun-2827	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	i am in oregon , just got done hiking out in the woods	sounds fun ! what do you do for a living ? i teach kindergarten .	i work in a small coffee shop but want to be an artist	very cool , do you sculpt or paint ?	i am learning how to draw and i read and write poetry	awesome ! hopefully it pays more than teaching , i hardly can pay bills .	i am okay money wise . i am frugal except for like one indulgence	after my student loans are done i should be ok .	fortunately i never had those . college just is not for me	yes it was rough . i have been out for two years now .	i like to learn but the way colleges teach does not mesh well with me	some people are like that . it is not for everyone .	yeah , he like her simple life of sticker collecting and art
pronoun-2828	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	romance ones are my favorite too !	yes she agree with she
pronoun-2829	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	her incredible right ? he am a manger consultant so growing she country is awesome
pronoun-2830	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi he am retired she use to be a banker
pronoun-2831	hello how are her he day . just got out of school
pronoun-2832	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?	i am not sure yet . depends on how tonight goes .	ok well let me know	she sure will . do i have any plans for tonight ?
pronoun-2833	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	i have a sister and a brother . do you ?	i have one brother , i am the baby of the family .	that is fun ! i am the middle child . 24 . how old are you ?	oh wow youre young , i am 29 lol	i guess i am ! i do coding and web design work . what about you ?	that sounds like fun . i am an animal care tech	i love animals . i have two dogs . what about you ?	so do i . i have two cats but am constantly fostering all types of animals	that is great . he must be a very kind person
pronoun-2834	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would too , i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu	awww that is so adorable . they will love them .	i am disabled , and not able to work . it makes me feel good to give back .	i like to read books and travel .	i like to listen to music .	italian is my favorite food choice if dining out .	i am vegan , and i love to bake cakes .	i love dogs , my pet is a large dog named roscoe .	i love dogs as well , and otters . they are like water dogs .	what is your favorite cake to make ?	tiramisu . you is your absolute favorite .
pronoun-2835	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , you guess . they love going to the theater for movies .
pronoun-2836	hi there how are it tonight
pronoun-2837	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?	sometimes i sing . yeah that is life for you .	huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ?	about my parents . love beaches . my best friend took my boyfriend . you married ?	wow ! yes i am . you need a car ? you would make a great voiceover actor .	what do you love to do ? nope no car needed .	we love writing . are it in counseling ? you am dieting too .
pronoun-2838	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice ! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool ! my daughter wants a fish tank !	are you a teacher ? i go to school myself . . . for hairdressing	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	they am really into decorating your home with vintage items from 1950 . how about yourselves ?
pronoun-2839	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	him either he drive a forklift in a warehouse where he work .
pronoun-2840	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there they am great eating a snack and we ?
pronoun-2841	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day	do you like playing video games ? i play fantasy video games	i like being active on my feet and building things with my hands	nice , your a hobbyist . how are your kids doing since the divorce ?	no i am 40 but i played games when i was a kid . i still have my atari	have you heard of an xbox one ?	they are good . they like staying with me . they said i am a lot cooler .	so what else do them build ?
pronoun-2842	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living ? any food allergies ?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer , the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely , i do not do volunteer work yet , too busy .	that is fine he like riding his bike in the mountains .
pronoun-2843	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	exhausted lol . just got home from school , getting the boys settled .	oh are you a parent ?	yes i am , i have 2 boys . how about you ?	nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica	nice , my favorite actually . i listen while while practicing haircuts in school	so them want to be a hair stylist ?
pronoun-2844	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	you am doing great , how are they ?
pronoun-2845	hello ! tell you about ourselves ?
pronoun-2846	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	hi how are she today
pronoun-2847	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	she grew up with horses on a farm and love him . like animals ?
pronoun-2848	hi how are you today	doing well . how about you ?	hi how are you today	doing well . how about you ?	pretty good do him work
pronoun-2849	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	they prefer to cook vegan food . what do she like to eat ?
pronoun-2850	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am well , thank you ! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ?	i am ! i love winter ! i like summer too . . . trying new bbq restaurants .	winter is my favorite , i love running in the snow .	i love playing racquetball . do you play any sports ?	i do not . i work for a consulting firm , what do you do ?	i am actually looking forward to retirement soon . only five years to go !	i cannot wait until i retire , i am going to travel .	that will be so much fun . i am looking forward to doing the same .	where are you going first ? i am on the first flight out of wisconsin .	she have not decided yet . he have always wanted to visited paris .
pronoun-2851	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	she am a pediatrician and a carnivore . me ?
pronoun-2852	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , he does not drive a vw . do you drive to school ?	yes , i do . a vintage beetle . it was my dads first car .	wow that is very nice ! we gives him that car ?
pronoun-2853	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach	i want to teach kindergarten . i am 22 and have lots of energy	kindergarten would be fun ! do you play any sports	i play soccer , lacrosse and softball . anything active	i played soccer in college ! we won a cup one season	congratulations ! my friends and i are in a soccer league together .	that sounds like fun ! i just almost choked on a piece of candy	they know the heimlich so you could have helped him
pronoun-2854	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	they wish there was a pill to make it taller . it am only five feet .
pronoun-2855	hi there how are you tonight
pronoun-2856	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	hi there how are she today ?
pronoun-2857	hello , how are her tonight ?
pronoun-2858	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi we am retired we use to be a banker
pronoun-2859	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do he teach ?
pronoun-2860	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	i crunch numbers like i like my bacon	good way to crunch numbers and bacon .	yeah i work it off by hiking on weekends with the dog	my kindergarten kids keep me busy .	i am traveling to tennessee next week to visit family	enjoy your visit and safe travels .	luckily my civic gets great mileage	with gas prices like they are we all need cars with great mileage .	coming from the top of ohio u are not joking	did we go to college ? you went to university of mississippi .
pronoun-2861	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights	you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know ? i am trying so hard to lose weight	food is just like drugs . you have to say no !	yeah , sadly they am not very good at saying no . he m even a good cook
pronoun-2862	kids are driving me crazy , hope your day is better .	not really , i work for a fast food company . . .	kids are driving me crazy , hope your day is better .	not really , i work for a fast food company . . .	my husband owns a fast food franchise , he always smells like grease .	i did not finish high school	you should take some time and go back , i wish i had , but too many kids .	it is hell living here	where do you live ? tough place or family ?	in canada , she am a fast runner because of all the crime around it
pronoun-2863	hi there , how are you ?	hey he am good how about she
pronoun-2864	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me	what do you like to eat ?	that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo	i am sorry i do not understand what you are saying .	it s ok you understand me pretty soon	well i like to spend time player poker when i am not with my wife and kids .	healthcare is where their mom works at
pronoun-2865	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol	are you allergic to crickets ? lol	fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere ! that would be a bad allergy !	yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting ! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby ! they spend our time playing ultimate frisbee
pronoun-2866	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	no , i mostly care a lot about politics , i care about it a lot	i do not pay attention to politics , only my kids and my gym time .	nice , do you read or watch tv ?	i do , currently catching up on hawaii 5 0	nice , i watch the news on tv every single day	i do not pay attention to it .	ok , so where do you work ? i am in the it department	i work at home , i am in sales .	do you read about sales ? i love reading	i do not . i read harry potter to my kids .	did you read narnia chronicles , they are better	i have , and i prefer harry potter	well that is great , you love reading you is important
pronoun-2867	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	great just watching the news . i am an avid news watcher .	that sounds like a good time .	i enjoy it , i also love to read .	i love reading too ! what types of books do you like ?	i mostly read romance novels , and you ?	i prefer fiction and sci fi	nice ! what do you do for a living ? i am in the it department .	right now i am just working as a secretary , but i hope to move up	cool ! what are your hobbies ?	beyond reading i really like to play soccer , i was on the team back in college	awesome ! i really love crafting .	what types of things do you like to craft ?
pronoun-2868	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? you need to become friends so they can have a doctor friend !
pronoun-2869	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	i want you to know that right after high school i want to dona	i am sorry but i do not understand what you mean	i meant i enlisted to the army	oo he enlisted when she was still in high school
pronoun-2870	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	he understand . organized religion is not for everyone .
pronoun-2871	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! they would do that .
pronoun-2872	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck she love dogs
pronoun-2873	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	he looked like a robot with the tail you has as a baby
pronoun-2874	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , he like the chargers
pronoun-2875	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children	no she do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . he ?
pronoun-2876	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 .	oh nice ! do you have any pets ?	yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ?	he have a dog also and two cats he get along good though .
pronoun-2877	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	very well thank you , now that my neighbor rid my yard of the snake .	ew ! one of my three dogs would have been able to catch the snake .	i am terrified of them and spiders .	i do not like them either . what do you do for work ?	i am an engineer , boring stuff .	they am a hair dresser . they love we ! you get to be very creative !
pronoun-2878	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	oh nice , i got 2 kids of my own , what about you ?	i have 3 kids and a dog .	nice , what kind of music do it listen to ?
pronoun-2879	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	hello , i like to bake stuff ! how about you ?	i love just to eat i do not like cooking .	sorry late reply , got distracted by the kids they are always up to something !	how many kids do you have ?	four , they can be quite a handful , especially the younger two	god bless them . how old are they ?	12 , 9 , 6 , and 3 she spaced us out evenly !
pronoun-2880	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	romance ones are my favorite too !	yes they agree with your
pronoun-2881	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him , and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins , and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	we do not have on line relationships , that is so creepy .
pronoun-2882	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was us day ?
pronoun-2883	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	i am great i am usually crabby	sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat that cheers me up	i love animals they are great company	they sure are . what do you do for fun	she listen to a band after work
pronoun-2884	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . it wish you were older some days .
pronoun-2885	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	hey there how are it you am shy
pronoun-2886	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	talking to a friend and petting timothy , my turtle .	cool , i have 2 dogs	i only have a turtle .	oh that is cool , need a lawyer ?	no , i am good . i have a cop and a lawyer in my family .	not as good as me , like heights ?	i love heights , roller coasters even more .	really ? lol i would never	i live near cedar point . coasters are life .	i am in oklahoma as a native american	nice , are you near broken arrow ? my folks just moved to bora bora	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach ?	he love her why him ask ?
pronoun-2887	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are he tonight ?
pronoun-2888	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! she am well . just tired after a big run he afternoon .
pronoun-2889	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are i doing right now ? they am watching the game
pronoun-2890	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are her married ?
pronoun-2891	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre i have never heard of it	euchre is a a card game where you only use ace through 9 cards . lots of fun .	how do you play it	4 people , deal out 5 cards each . if spades are trump , jack of spades is highest card	how do me win in you
pronoun-2892	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . we work on wall street as a stock broker .
pronoun-2893	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .	yeah got to stay on the grind	do you have any fun plans for the weekend ?	nah mostly studying but looking at a little tv for downtime	ah yeah , that sounds about right for you as well .
pronoun-2894	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	yuck indeed i despise bugs	me too ! they just make me want to scream and run . fast !	do you have any children ?	yes . four . they eat all of the bacon in the house , makes me sad . you ?	i eat my own bacon i keep them under control	too funny . i will have to learn your tricks . do you have a favorite food ?	i do not do you have a favorite color ?	anything but bug green . you must have a favorite .	blue is my favorite so i guess blue food	you are funny . listening to bach , eating bacon , without bugs . ideal !	do you like to read books ?
pronoun-2895	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does his family enjoy her music ?
pronoun-2896	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	he am good . how is the weather ?
pronoun-2897	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ?	fantasy also and true crime . i also ran a blog about rabbits .	i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons .	her can totally do him ! how old are he ?
pronoun-2898	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold , though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are their strongest subjects .
pronoun-2899	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach	i want to teach kindergarten . i am 22 and have lots of energy	kindergarten would be fun ! do you play any sports	i play soccer , lacrosse and softball . anything active	i played soccer in college ! we won a cup one season	congratulations ! my friends and i are in a soccer league together .	that sounds like fun ! i just almost choked on a piece of candy	she know the heimlich so he could have helped she
pronoun-2900	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	i am well , thank you . do you like politics ? i am republican and proud of it .	i like politics . i am conservative	you sound like my kind of person then ! what are your hobbies ? i love cooking and reading .	i like to read classics . i also like to travel to europe .	i wish i could travel . i cannot because i am a teacher .	what subject do you teach ?	i teach history . it has always fascinated me . do you have a family ?	yes , i have two children . how about you ?	it have a child and a loving spouse .
pronoun-2901	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do you get good tips ?	do not really know yet . no one has complained about my hair cuts yet .	that is good . i have pets who would complain everytime	i have exotic fish . what kind of pets do you have	there are multiple cats and one dog name skinner	we cant let your cats anywhere near my aquarium . what do you like to eat ?	i am big into dieting and writing diet cook books so a variety	i am a creature of habit . granola and breakfast go together .	absolutely ! do they exercise to go with we ?
pronoun-2902	hello ! how are you today ?	we am okay . missing home today . we am part of the army . currently in south korea
pronoun-2903	hi ! are you proud to be an american ? i am !	yes i am i am even a volunteer with red cross	hi ! are he proud to be an american ? she am !
pronoun-2904	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , we like the chargers
pronoun-2905	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic	now that i skateboard professionally , i have what i need right at home .	ever skated new york ? he am moving there next year .
pronoun-2906	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic	now that i skateboard professionally , i have what i need right at home .	ever skated new york ? it am moving there next year .
pronoun-2907	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	fishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg	yes that must be hard , he hope things get better for us
pronoun-2908	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	i live with my cat and dogs . you have pets ?	my cat . she is a siamese .	i see . my three children are grown .	i do love cooking for my kids tho .	hmmm . what is your specialty dish ?	pork chops . sadly i cook alot and not work out as i should .	wow ! i work with people society has thrown away .	do you enjoy that kind of work ?	yes ! they give me life . i make them feel valued . you sing ?	i do not sing , sadly .	oh okay . your children sing ? they am not looking to make new friends .
pronoun-2909	hi , how are you ! i am great , just getting back from the beach .	i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon .	hi , how are you ! i am great , just getting back from the beach .	i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon .	cool ! i am so hungry , looking for something healthy .	i am only 28 but i am a mamas boy who taught me to eat healthy .	i am a dads girl , nails done , hair done , and always dieting .	awesome . do you play on second life ? i do and i love it !	i also ride horses professionally .	i wish i could do that since living in texas i see them a lot .	if not , you could buy a mustang car from my dad .	that would be nice ! i think those cars are cool . old or newer versions ?	he has everything . he has classics mostly .	wow i would love to see that collection ! do you drive them ?	he have been driving since he stole one at ten years old .
pronoun-2910	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	oh ? what is your job ? i am studying to be a teacher in college	i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime .	that is awesome ! good luck who is your favorite singer ? i love ed sheeran .	i am more into heavy rock . fits my life as i lived with my aunt growing up .	nice ! do him have any hobbies ? he am still new , but am learning jujitsu now
pronoun-2911	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	he like to grow organic and fix meals for your family . do she cook ?
pronoun-2912	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have he ever taken her to the zoo ? she love zoos !
pronoun-2913	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hey i am brianna i am okay	so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ?	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years	really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there .	yes my ultimate dream is to be a professional dancer	dad tending the farm and mom a strict teacher , anything artsy was always frowned upon !	well both of my parents are gone but my sister realy supports my dreams	where are you from ? i am proudly born and raised in south carolina !	i am from edris island	do you like horror flicks ? those are my favorite !	yes ! we love the childs play franchise
pronoun-2914	hello , i just got home from school . what have you been doing ?	i just got home from work , i do graphic design .	hello , i just got home from school . what have you been doing ?	i just got home from work , i do graphic design .	my dad is a graphic designer . do you have kids ?	nope , my real job is wheelchair sales and design is my hobby , i freelance .	wow ! what a coincidence . . my brother needs a new wheelchair !	i can hook you up . do you like music ? my fav band is rush ? awesome .	i play tuba in the school band , but i look funny because i am really short !	big question , what does an omnivore do at a vegans wedding ? my challenge last weekend !	omnivores can eat veggies for one meal . p	i like to pimp out my clients wheelchairs , what would your brother like ?	something with lots of lights !	i am going to get dinner soon , i need meat , too many veggies last weekend .	i never eat meat but the other 3 people in my family do .	i can do lights , turbo charge the wheels too . he will love his new ride !	yes i will . . . can her make him musical for him also ?
pronoun-2915	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . you is okay , one of the horses kicked it .
pronoun-2916	hello hope them having a good day ? will me chat with your awhile ?
pronoun-2917	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?	nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking ?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe us could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?
pronoun-2918	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	they call me tat because of all mt tattoos	where are you from ? i grew up in south carolina	i was born in arkansas but i now live in chicago	did you got to college there ?	yes i am in school now while working part time as a batista	i graduated recently . from usc . my parents pushed me into it , wanted better	well i am proud of you . i am getting my masters in music	music is great ! my mom teaches that . my dad just tends the farm	yes i play for money outside our small apartment	do you play with other musicians ?	yes she play in a band called the chi town south siders
