ner-0000	Do you consider yourself a good mother ?	Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .	How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .	I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .	I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself . Does your husband feel the same ?
ner-0001	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you'd be interested .	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered . Oh , you men ! You're all the same .
ner-0002	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan . That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?
ner-0003	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
ner-0004	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	Yes . I'm afraid so . But you'll miss out on the football game .
ner-0005	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible . Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .
ner-0006	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards . What about your use of raw materials ?
ner-0007	Nice day , isn't it ?	It sure is .	It sure is . It's a good day for a picnic .
ner-0008	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?	Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .	Do you have any carry-on luggage ?	No .	Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .	How much is the excess baggage part charge ?	Twenty-two dollars	Twenty-two dollars Here you are .
ner-0009	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ? Just a few minutes , ma'am .
ner-0010	Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?	Much to my regret , I'll have to meet my girlfriend at the airport then .	We'd like to invite you for our dress party tomorrow evening , are you free ?	Much as we'd like to , but we've booked up already for that time .	Much as we'd like to , but we've booked up already for that time . What a pity ! You can't join us .
ner-0011	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	Some what ?	Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
ner-0012	Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?	Let me see . The one goes for $ 17 .	Would you take $ 12 ?	No , I can ’ t let you have it for 12.How about 14 ?	13.50 ?	13.50 ? Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go .
ner-0013	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?	I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .	I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .	Is there a price reduction ?	We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down .	How much is that one ?	It's two hundred and eighty dollars .	It's two hundred and eighty dollars . OK . I'll take it . Thank you .
ner-0014	I hate to go outside .	Me too .	Why do you hate to go outside ?	I meet too many jerks .	I agree .	This city is full of jerks .	Rude people are everywhere .	But what can you do ?	You can yell at them .	You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you .
ner-0015	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	What is the most important factor ?	Obviously I look for improvement as we go along , but I would like you to do your best from the beginning .	How can we keep track of our grades ?	The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent .	What if we can't get to school ?	You can only miss one class without penalty .	You can only miss one class without penalty . If we have a major problem , will you let us know ?
ner-0016	Have you heard what happened ?	Heard what ?	Deborah already had her baby .	Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that .
ner-0017	By the way miss , where is the toilet ?	Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .	Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment . What ? Oh , what we live ! Thank you very much for your help , miss .
ner-0018	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing . I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .
ner-0019	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good ! Great ! Can you set the table ?
ner-0020	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	What's your excuse this time ?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	Yes , twice last week .	Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
ner-0021	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	Is it useful for me ?	You have to try at least .	You have to try at least . OK . Thanks a lot .
ner-0022	I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds ?	Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?	Sure . What kind of skin do you have ? My skin is oily .
ner-0023	Mike ! Look at the floor !	What's wrong with it ?	What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !	Oh ...	It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .	Sorry , love .	What are you looking for now ?	My cigarettes .	My cigarettes . Well , they ' re not here.They are in the dustbin .
ner-0024	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing . I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .
ner-0025	How are you ?	I ’ m doing well .	How may I help you ?	Could you cancel a check for me ?	What ’ s the problem ?	I wrote the check out for way too much .	I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ?
ner-0026	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?	I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .	I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves . You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different .
ner-0027	Hi , I need to copy something right now .	Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .	Great ! How much per copy ?	Sir , one copy is ten cents .	Sir , one copy is ten cents . Okay , I'll be down there shortly .
ner-0028	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while . A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?
ner-0029	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
ner-0030	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .
ner-0031	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?	Just a few minutes , ma'am .	Just a few minutes , ma'am . Great . Thank you .
ner-0032	I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault .	What do you mean ?	It looks like the shipping company did this .	It looks like the shipping company did this . We'd better take it up with them , in that case .
ner-0033	Welcome , how may I help you today ?	I'm ask for a pizza , please .	Then you will be happy to here that today all our pizzas are on sale . Two for one .	You're right , that is great .	What size would you like ?	Medium one will be perfect , thank you	Medium one will be perfect , thank you Which kind do you want ?
ner-0034	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ?	I'm allergic to these things , you know .	I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ’ t like seafood , neither .
ner-0035	Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !	Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .	But you could have saved money .	From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !	F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...	F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ... Ha ! I'm just warming up ! Please take me there now !
ner-0036	Hello ? This is John Smith.Can I speak to Mr.White , please ?	This is Mr.White speaking .	Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ’ t you ?	Yes .	Yes . I ’ d like to know more about it .
ner-0037	Excuse me . Where is the way out ?	Well , that's what I'm looking for myself .	It's very confusing in here , isn't it ?	Absolutely . Oh , do you see a sign there ?	Absolutely . Oh , do you see a sign there ? It should be the way out .
ner-0038	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ?	Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?	Yes , but I have never taken his class before .	Yes , but I have never taken his class before . He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for ?
ner-0039	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories . You married him for that reason ?
ner-0040	What shall I call him ?	Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .	Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry . What's he doing ?
ner-0041	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
ner-0042	When was America discovered , Tony ?	I'm not certain . Do you know ?	America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .	In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?	All right . Ask me a question now .	Who invented the electric light bulb ?	That's easy . It was invented by Edison .	Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?	I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .	I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now .
ner-0043	A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again .	Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?	A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?	A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ? Not bad , But she's as busy as before .
ner-0044	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	Some what ?	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	Oh , umm , no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No , I am ok , really .	Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !	Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?	I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free .	I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free . Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I want .
ner-0045	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	Yeah , I'm afraid so .	Yeah , I'm afraid so . If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
ner-0046	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already . That ’ s too bad .
ner-0047	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day . You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
ner-0048	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would you like to fly ?	Saturday , July 25 .	How many people will be traveling ?	Just one adult .	Which class ?	Economy , please . Economy class is the cheapest , right ?	Economy , please . Economy class is the cheapest , right ? Right . Ok , the fare is $ 700 .
ner-0049	Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you . Thank you very much .
ner-0050	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
ner-0051	Can you help me now ?	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow . That'll be too late .
ner-0052	Hello ? This is John Smith.Can I speak to Mr.White , please ?	This is Mr.White speaking .	This is Mr.White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ’ t you ?
ner-0053	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .	Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?	He is short , well-built , and he ’ s got light blond hair .	Is there anything else ?	He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .	He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ?
ner-0054	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
ner-0055	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit . Then let's go in .
ner-0056	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	He's got a promotion . You're kidding .
ner-0057	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	Oh , they look just like live cranes . And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
ner-0058	Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious !	I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit !	I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit ! But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you !
ner-0059	Don't I know you ?	I'm not sure.You look familiar .	I'm not sure.You look familiar . You're Mr.Stevenson , right ?
ner-0060	How would you like your hair set ?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	I'd like to have it in big waves . Shall I put some oil on ? B
ner-0061	Do you have maps of downtown area ?	Yes , here you are .	How much is it ?	It's free of charge .	It's free of charge . Thanks so much .
ner-0062	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now . Just make yourself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .
ner-0063	I'd like you to do me a favor .	What is it ?	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office . Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
ner-0064	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now . Just make yourself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .
ner-0065	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .	Oh , really ? That's nice .	I wanted to see if you wanted to come .	This Friday ? Sorry , I already have plans .	Doing what ?	I'm going to dinner with my family .	I'm going to dinner with my family . I really wanted you to come , but I understand .
ner-0066	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?	This one is 1500 yuan .	This one is 1500 yuan . It looks pretty good . I think I'll take it .
ner-0067	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?	She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away .	How long has your sister been with her boyfriend ?	Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage .	Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage . Really ? Then I guess living together would be a good idea .
ner-0068	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?	Yes , please .	Yes , please . Will this table be all right ?
ner-0069	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks . but you look quite proficient in using them now .
ner-0070	May I help you ?	Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ? I would prefer the first one .
ner-0071	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?	What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
ner-0072	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen . Are you serious ?
ner-0073	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here .
ner-0074	Thank God ! I am finished writing that service guide ! It took me forever !	When did you finish ?	This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches !	This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches ! Well , I ’ m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee !
ner-0075	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .	What kind of pie do you want ?	I have no idea .	Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?	Sure , what kind do you like ?	Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie .
ner-0076	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	Yes , I ’ m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .	Yes that ’ s right . I ’ Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ’ m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .	Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?	Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .	Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York . What did that involve ?
ner-0077	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it .	Do you know where a Moroccan restaurant is ?	As a matter of fact , he gave me this address .	As a matter of fact , he gave me this address . Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure !
ner-0078	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ?
ner-0079	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you'd be interested .	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered . Oh , you men ! You're all the same .
ner-0080	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	Sure . No problem .	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?	Sure . Do you have my number ?	Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .	Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this . No problem . I'll wait for your call .
ner-0081	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .	How to adjust ?	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes . Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .
ner-0082	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are !
ner-0083	Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?	Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ’ m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !	Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ’ m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere ! I see . Let me have a look . It seems that your toilet is clogged , and that ’ s why it won ’ t flush . Let me just get my plunger . No , that ’ s not working either . I suspect that there ’ s some sort of foreign object in the pipes that ‘ s causing a blockage . That ’ s what ’ s making your toilet overflow .
ner-0084	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful . So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?
ner-0085	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...	and what if it doesn't work out , right ?	Exactly .	You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?	How ?	Because I won't let it fail .	Because I won't let it fail . But what about tomorrow ? What if Stars.com decides to go with WebTracker , and not us ?
ner-0086	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse ?	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ? I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
ner-0087	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	Do you know any places ?	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	how much do are you looking to spend ?	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month . looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .
ner-0088	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .	It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?	That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .	That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it . Certainly .
ner-0089	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	What is the most important factor ?	Obviously I look for improvement as we go along , but I would like you to do your best from the beginning .	How can we keep track of our grades ?	The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent .	The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent . What if we can't get to school ?
ner-0090	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do ?	Yeah , those classics from the great writers .	Yeah , those classics from the great writers . But I find Japanese ones better .
ner-0091	How do you think they could be ended ?	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them .
ner-0092	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?	That would be very nice . Thank you .	That would be very nice . Thank you . Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . There is a conference room already prepared
ner-0093	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Do you want me to help you ? Please .
ner-0094	Do you speak English ?	Yes , a little .	Yes , a little . Can you tell me how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?
ner-0095	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
ner-0096	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
ner-0097	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?	Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?	I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes .
ner-0098	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	What foods do you eat now ?	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Those are the only things you eat ?	That's basically what I eat .	Why aren't you eating anything else ?	Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .	And the chicken ?	It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .	It's really healthy to eat when you bake it . I guess that does sound a lot healthier .
ner-0099	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
ner-0100	What's that book you have under your arm ?	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .	Is it really worth paying for ?	I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .	I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter . If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition .
ner-0101	Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ?	Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .	Oh , Would you do me a favor ?	Yes ?	Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
ner-0102	May I help you ?	Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?	I would prefer the first one .	I would prefer the first one . Sure . We have a one-day trip along the river . It's quite beautiful .
ner-0103	The last thing to be ignored at a Chinese dinner table is to keep modest .	Does that suggest diners avoid speaking much ? The same is true in the West .	No , absolutely not ! On the contrary , you'll be considered a well-connected , sociable man , if you keep involved in the conversation all the time . But always pay attention to what you say . If the table has a senior guest , say something as upbeat and cheerful as possible . Or maybe , you may give the floor to him and keep listening as if very interested .	You mean , keeping a low profile in the presence of the old ? That goes in like with Confucius ' preachings , right ?	Correct . Show respect for the older people . Conventionally , before the meal starts , the younger members are supposed to address each one of the elderly members of the table one by one . Others are kept in waiting until the most venerable guest proclaim the beginning of the meal and takes the first bite . Toasts also go to these men first before people can toast to each other .	Correct . Show respect for the older people . Conventionally , before the meal starts , the younger members are supposed to address each one of the elderly members of the table one by one . Others are kept in waiting until the most venerable guest proclaim the beginning of the meal and takes the first bite . Toasts also go to these men first before people can toast to each other . Any other rules to observe in order to keep modest ?
ner-0104	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	$ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that .
ner-0105	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles . Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .
ner-0106	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ?
ner-0107	Excuse me . Check please .	OK , how was everything ?	Very nice . Thank you .	Would you like this to-go ?	Yes , can you put it in a plastic bag ?	Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars .	Do you take credit cards ?	Yes , we accept Visa and MasterCard .	Yes , we accept Visa and MasterCard . OK , here you are .
ner-0108	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?	Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette . What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .
ner-0109	Would you like to order now ?	Yes . I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start .	Yes . I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start . What would you like for your main course ?
ner-0110	What date would you like to depart , sir ?	Do you have any seats for September 16th ?	Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
ner-0111	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .	Yes . That ’ s right . I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .
ner-0112	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours . But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie tonight .
ner-0113	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal .
ner-0114	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Well , everything really .	Well , everything really . All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your Credit Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in .
ner-0115	Could you change these for me , please ?	What would you like ?	What would you like ? Twenties and some smaller bills , please .
ner-0116	Where are you going ?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her .
ner-0117	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty . O . K . No problem . Anything else ?
ner-0118	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here . That's wonderful ! I like swimming .
ner-0119	I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth .	let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .	I often do , but I ’ m worried about the responses from other people .	you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .	I ’ m worried that what I say will not make sense .	we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .	that ’ s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?	that ’ s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .	that ’ s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle . I didn ’ t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
ner-0120	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
ner-0121	Well , Mitzuko-san , I hope you like it here . This is my favourite restaurant in Taipei . It reminds me of my youth when I traveled around Europe .	It looks wonderful . Very authentic .	The chef trained in Florence . The pasta is very good here .	OK . So , what can you recommend ?	Hum ... You should try the mushroom fettucine . It's really good .	Is it salty ?	Not at all . It has a very delicate flavor .	Not at all . It has a very delicate flavor . What does ' Duppa del Giono ' mean ? I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce that .
ner-0122	Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ?	Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .	Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic . Yeah , that's very important .
ner-0123	Hi Paul . How are you , friend .	Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall .	How so ?	He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .	He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ?
ner-0124	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Not great . It's a kind of boring . Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
ner-0125	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
ner-0126	Reservation , can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .
ner-0127	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	I am looking for a pair of shoes . Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
ner-0128	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
ner-0129	Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ?	No , this isn't .	No , this isn't . Could you please get him on the phone ?
ner-0130	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?
ner-0131	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .	Do you think they'll become reconciled ?	No , I don't think so . She said she would rather be single than cope with an unhappy marriage .	No , I don't think so . She said she would rather be single than cope with an unhappy marriage . What a shame ! Their marriage is really a mistake .
ner-0132	I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?	Engaged ? She ’ s married .	Johnny , I wish you ’ d stop reaching for things . Haven ’ t you a tongue ?	Johnny , I wish you ’ d stop reaching for things . Haven ’ t you a tongue ? Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .
ner-0133	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses . Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
ner-0134	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ? By credit .
ner-0135	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Three months . Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?
ner-0136	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .	Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate . Oh , great idea !
ner-0137	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it .	Do you know where a Moroccan restaurant is ?	As a matter of fact , he gave me this address .	As a matter of fact , he gave me this address . Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure !
ner-0138	Thank God ! I am finished writing that service guide ! It took me forever !	When did you finish ?	This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches !	This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches ! Well , I ’ m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee !
ner-0139	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	Charles Dickens ?	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature . OK , do you know the title of the book ?
ner-0140	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	Can you take he away from me ?	I ’ m just coming for that .	I ’ m just coming for that . She kept bothering me .
ner-0141	It ’ s really terrible !	What are you talking about ?	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all . You said it . Many parents just don ’ t know how to educate their children .
ner-0142	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ? Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .
ner-0143	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
ner-0144	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .	you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish .	who's the director ?	it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you ?	yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?	sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now .	sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now . that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?
ner-0145	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?	Yeah , what ’ s up ?	Yeah , what ’ s up ? Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .
ner-0146	How would you like your hair set ?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	I'd like to have it in big waves . Shall I put some oil on ? B
ner-0147	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off . Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .
ner-0148	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Sure , what ’ s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?
ner-0149	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ?
ner-0150	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ? I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?
ner-0151	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ? Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
ner-0152	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	Some what ?	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
ner-0153	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are !
ner-0154	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Mrs . Thou ? Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .
ner-0155	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	Yeah , I'm afraid so .	Yeah , I'm afraid so . If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
ner-0156	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .	What do you drink ?	Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .	Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you . What do you drink ?
ner-0157	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	Oh , did you ?	I wonder if you can change it to one size down .	Yes , of course.Will you come with the receipt ?	Then I'll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ?	Then I'll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ? Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you .
ner-0158	Do you have a free moment ?	Sure . What do you need ?	I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?	I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
ner-0159	House keeping.May I come in ?	Come in please .	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here .
ner-0160	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !	Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .	That would be too late .	That would be too late . Maybe the situation is too urgent .
ner-0161	What would you like to eat , sir ?	Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .	Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea . Would you care for some lemon for your tea ?
ner-0162	May I help you ?	Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?	I would prefer the first one .	I would prefer the first one . Sure . We have a one-day trip along the river . It's quite beautiful .
ner-0163	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .
ner-0164	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	I think someone is stalking me .	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ?
ner-0165	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by " us " ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
ner-0166	I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds ?	Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?	My skin is oily .	My skin is oily . Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
ner-0167	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques . What do you have ?
ner-0168	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .
ner-0169	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	What kind of deal ?	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
ner-0170	Can I have my check , please .	Here it is . 350 Yuan all together .	May son adores my new hairstyle so I suppose it is worth it .	Hearing you say that is a big reward for us . And here is the receipt .	Thank you .	Wait ! Congratulations ! You are the lucky customer of our anniversary celebration .	Wow , it's surprising . So what do I get ?	You can have a free facial and then make up free for you . Do you want it now ?	Probably not . Doing that will probably take another three hours which I can't afford now .	Probably not . Doing that will probably take another three hours which I can't afford now . Here is our number . Call us when you are ready to come .
ner-0171	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?	I want to pick up my valuables .	May I have your key please ?	Sure . Here you are .	Sure . Here you are . Here is your valuable . Is that right ?
ner-0172	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Then I'll see you in the afternoon .	Then I'll see you in the afternoon . OK .
ner-0173	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ?	Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?	Yes , but I have never taken his class before .	He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for ?	Yes , that's what I need .	He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . Are you willing to study hard ?	Yes , I guess so .	Yes , I guess so . What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . Do you enjoy that in a teacher ?
ner-0174	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	Hey , Isabelle ...	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .	Yes , I am the guy .	What a bummer ! You set me up ?	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...	How dare you ! ( starts to walk off )	Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !	Why did you lie to me in the email ?	I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .	I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name . I should have known it was you . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . I thought I might have found the one for me .
ner-0175	This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?	Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?	I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?	I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
ner-0176	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?	Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?	Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?	Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .	Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .	Oh , so do I .	Why don't we go for one now ?	Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .	Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there . Let's go !
ner-0177	Aren't you Jim Green ?	Yes , that's right .	Yes , that's right . I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor .
ner-0178	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	That ’ s not going to be all right .	I don ’ t understand why .	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	Why can ’ t I have it back ?	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over . You have to give it back to me .
ner-0179	Did you already take the history exam ?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ? Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .
ner-0180	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them . Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .
ner-0181	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .	Sounds good . Where are we going ?	Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .	Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?	Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that !	Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that ! Whew ! That getup is terrific !
ner-0182	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them . Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .
ner-0183	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .	Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .	An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .	Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?	I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .	Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
ner-0184	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
ner-0185	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains . Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .
ner-0186	I am calling to ask about the position of an usher .	Anything you would like to know ?	What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?	What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ? We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .
ner-0187	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .	That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?	My name is John Sandals .	Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?	I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .	Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?	How much per night are we talking about ?	Each night will be $ 308 .	That price is perfectly acceptable .	Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?	Nonsmoking , please .	Nonsmoking , please . Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?
ner-0188	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?
ner-0189	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .
ner-0190	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	It was the police wo helped me to do that .	It was the police wo helped me to do that . It must have taught you a lesson this time .
ner-0191	What can I do for you today ?	I would like to use a computer .	Do you have your library card ?	I sure do .	There is a wait for the computers .	That ’ s all right .	You need to print your name on this list .	Okay . Now what ?	Once a computer is available , I will let you know .	Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
ner-0192	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	I have no idea what the entertainment should be .	Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?	Let's make it a formal affair .	Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ?	American food would be the best choice .	That would be great . What kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music ?	We should bring in a really good DJ .	We should bring in a really good DJ . That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday .
ner-0193	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think . Is it ? Oh , no . The concert will begin in twenty minutes . Are we too late to get there ?
ner-0194	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?	The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?	Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?	They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .	Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
ner-0195	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	Yes . I'm afraid so . But you'll miss out on the football game .
ner-0196	Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ?	Yes , speaking .	Yes , speaking . I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?
ner-0197	May I help you with something ?	I would like to return some books .	I ’ ll take them .	Here you go .	These books were due two weeks ago .	Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .	You will need to pay late fees on these books .	How much are the late fees ?	The fee is 25 cents every day .	The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
ner-0198	Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you . Thank you very much .
ner-0199	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK .
ner-0200	Next , please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	Yes , I have known of it .	How much do you like to exchange ?	20,000 RIB .	In what denominations ?	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs . It doesn't matter .
ner-0201	Hi , I need to copy something right now .	Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .	Great ! How much per copy ?	Sir , one copy is ten cents .	Sir , one copy is ten cents . Okay , I'll be down there shortly .
ner-0202	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later .
ner-0203	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	Only once or twice at the most .	Only once or twice at the most . Do you know why ?
ner-0204	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me ! There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .
ner-0205	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	What ’ s she doing ?	She ’ s sitting under the tree .	Is Tim in the garden , too ?	Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree .	Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree . I beg your pardon ? Who ’ s climbing the tree .
ner-0206	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
ner-0207	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .	What did he say ?	He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .	He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming . He shouldn't drive his car . He should come here by bus .
ner-0208	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	Yeah , a number of times . What's he trying to pull anyway .
ner-0209	Are there any beds vacant ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ? I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
ner-0210	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do you have a table for four , please ?	Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?	Yes , smoking or non-smoking ? We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
ner-0211	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ? Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?
ner-0212	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	He is really outrageous . What happened ?
ner-0213	Please tell me something about your insurance background .	I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .	Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?	I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .	Do you have any work experience in promotion ?	Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .	Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd . Do people respond well to you ?
ner-0214	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?	You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .	You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems . What did you find out when you did the inspection of my new home ?
ner-0215	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests . What is the most important factor ?
ner-0216	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?	Yeah , what ’ s up ?	Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .	Wow . I'd love to .	Great !	When and where ?	Five o ’ clock that afternoon , and in my place , you know ?	Yes , I know . I appreciate your invitation .	Yes , I know . I appreciate your invitation . I am going to invite other guys . See you that day .
ner-0217	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing . I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .
ner-0218	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ? Surely , of course .
ner-0219	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building . That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
ner-0220	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about . I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .
ner-0221	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
ner-0222	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth ?	Of course , I do .	Well , you really didn't do all that well .	How bad did I do ?	To be completely honest , you failed your test .	To be completely honest , you failed your test . How ?
ner-0223	I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?	We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .	Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?	Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?	Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ? Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
ner-0224	Could you tell me the origin of the Dragon-Boat Festival ?	Yes , it's a way to commemorate a great ancient romantic poet , and the race is a symbol of the attempt to save him .	Yes , it's a way to commemorate a great ancient romantic poet , and the race is a symbol of the attempt to save him . I see.Did they succeed in the end ?
ner-0225	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you would be interested .	You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered . Oh , you men ! You are all the same .
ner-0226	It ’ s nice meeting you .	It ’ s nice to meet you , too .	I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .	Would you like to ask me anything ?	What do you feel about gay marriage ?	I think everyone has the right to love who they want .	Would you legalize gay marriage ?	Yes , I would .	Yes , I would . Many people won ’ t like that .
ner-0227	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !	Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .	Do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ?	Of course ! I can watch them without you !	Of course ! I can watch them without you ! Oh , really ?
ner-0228	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?	What is your address ?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates ?	It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .	I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?	Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .	Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up . Thank you very much .
ner-0229	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Mostly cassette tapes . Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .
ner-0230	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?	I want to go jogging .	I want to go jogging . All right . That sounds like fun .
ner-0231	Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ?	No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do .	Where do your parents live ?	My father lives in Washington DC .	How about your mother ?	My mother died two years ago .	Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ?	No , he's retired .	No , he's retired . Do you have any family here ?
ner-0232	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	Sure . Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
ner-0233	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it . How did you find him at last ?
ner-0234	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking . Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
ner-0235	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I think that she is very pretty .	Tell me how she looks .	She's kind of short .	What height is she ?	She's probably about five feet .	She's probably about five feet . That's nice , but tell me what she looks like .
ner-0236	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ? Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
ner-0237	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken . Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .
ner-0238	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?	Yeah , what ’ s up ?	Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .	Wow . I'd love to .	Great !	When and where ?	Five o ’ clock that afternoon , and in my place , you know ?	Yes , I know . I appreciate your invitation .	Yes , I know . I appreciate your invitation . I am going to invite other guys . See you that day .
ner-0239	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again . Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .
ner-0240	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
ner-0241	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous . Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .
ner-0242	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	Maybe you should look around for an outlet . That is a wonderful idea .
ner-0243	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	Yeah , you can count on it . I think so . Yes , they get along so well .
ner-0244	Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .	A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?	There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .	I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .	What about sunday ?	i wish i could , but it's my mums birthday .	i wish i could , but it's my mums birthday . Maybe next week .
ner-0245	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
ner-0246	What courses did you take in college ?	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc . Which course did you like best ?
ner-0247	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	Some what ?	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .	No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?	Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .	Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
ner-0248	I'd like you to do me a favor .	What is it ?	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office . Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
ner-0249	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work . What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
ner-0250	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?	Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .	Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer . This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
ner-0251	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	T112 to Washington please .	T112 to Washington please . May I have your name ?
ner-0252	Mum , can I finish my homework later ?	Sorry . You know the rules .	Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now .
ner-0253	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking . Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
ner-0254	Good morning , sir . May I see your passport ?	Yes , of course . Here it is .	Thank you . Are all these yours ?	No , some of them are my friend's . Do you want her passport , too ?	Yes , please . Do you have any carry-on items ?	Do you want me to put it on the belt , too ?	Yes , please . Would you please open this big suitcase ?	Yes , please . Would you please open this big suitcase ? OK . Just a moment . It's just some clothes and toiletries .
ner-0255	Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y ?	Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L .	Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L . Of course .
ner-0256	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ? Just a few minutes , ma'am .
ner-0257	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary . You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .
ner-0258	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events .
ner-0259	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	Yeah , I'm afraid so .	Yeah , I'm afraid so . If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
ner-0260	I need a taxi , please .	We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle ?	No , thanks . A taxi is just fine .	May I suggest a limo ? It's nice to pamper yourself .	I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you .	I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you . I understand . And where will you be going ?
ner-0261	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean ?	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets . That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .
ner-0262	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too . Wow . Sounds fantastic !
ner-0263	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Not great . It's a kind of boring . Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
ner-0264	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax . What other kind of music do you listen to ?
ner-0265	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would you tell me the name of the book and the author ?	Uh , the Origin of Law . And it's written by Professor Felix of Harvard .	I'm sorry . It's out of stock now . Could you come by again next week ?	Next week ? It is too late . I need it urgently .	Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it ?	Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it ? No , thanks any way .
ner-0266	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us . Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .
ner-0267	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ? Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .
ner-0268	Do you have maps of downtown area ?	Yes , here you are .	Yes , here you are . How much is it ?
ner-0269	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ? No . Why don't you check out the newspaper ?
ner-0270	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ? By credit .
ner-0271	Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ?	Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very c	How often do you run your anti-virus program ?	I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time .	Which anti-virus program would you recommend ?	Have you tried this one ? It ’ s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free .	That sounds very good . Which website should I visit to download it ?	Just a minute ... go to this one . I ’ ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated .	What do you use your computer for ?	I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ’ t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you	I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ’ t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you Computers are great , aren ’ t they ? I should download some programs and learn how to use them .
ner-0272	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I just turned 18 a month ago .	You ’ re lucky .	What do you mean ?	Because you turned 18 in an election year .	I didn ’ t even think of that .	You didn ’ t ?	I really didn ’ t , but I ’ m still excited .	I really didn ’ t , but I ’ m still excited . You should be , because you ’ re a part of history .
ner-0273	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?	Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .	Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes . That doesn't sound too bad .
ner-0274	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .	Will it be an all day event ?	Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .	Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library . That was quick thinking .
ner-0275	Excuse me . What should be included in my CV ?	Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions .	Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions . What kind of personal information ?
ner-0276	How come it is slow as a snail today ?	You mean the network connection ?	Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click .	Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click . I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
ner-0277	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
ner-0278	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?	The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .	The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ?
ner-0279	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?	I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .	What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?	He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .	He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot . Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
ner-0280	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors . What are the internal factors that influence the company ?
ner-0281	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son . He is two years old .	My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good .
ner-0282	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back . Where were you ?
ner-0283	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .	Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?	Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .	Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .	How much is it ?	180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .	180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ?
ner-0284	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ? You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
ner-0285	They don't really think you took it , do they ?	I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .	I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life . How many of them were there ?
ner-0286	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year . I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .
ner-0287	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	Why are you acting so strange today ?	Why are you acting so strange today ? I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
ner-0288	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	I am Chinese by birth . Where is your domicile place ?
ner-0289	What did you do today ?	Played poker with my work friends .	Played poker with my work friends . Did you win ?
ner-0290	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .	How to adjust ?	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes . Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .
ner-0291	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long . Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .
ner-0292	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	What does it say ?	This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "	That's very nice . Is it for sale ?	No . I never sell my artwork .	Really ? Then what do you do with it ?	I give it away . Here , this one is for you .	I give it away . Here , this one is for you . Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
ner-0293	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .	I'm afraid not . Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
ner-0294	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study .	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study . You're right .
ner-0295	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?	Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .	Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .	Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...	Is everything ready now ?	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
ner-0296	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
ner-0297	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Would you please show me that mural ? Certainly . Here you are .
ner-0298	Good afternoon ! Trans Pacific Airline . How can I help you ?	I ’ m calling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis . Could you please make it for the same flight on August 2 instead of July 19 ?	I ’ m calling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis . Could you please make it for the same flight on August 2 instead of July 19 ? What ’ s your name , please ?
ner-0299	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .	So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .	Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice .	Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice . Do you find it hard to get ingredients for Chinese food ?
ner-0300	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories . You married him for that reason ?
ner-0301	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .	I'm afraid not . Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
ner-0302	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well . Learning any language takes a lot of effort.But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
ner-0303	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
ner-0304	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .	I'm afraid not . Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
ner-0305	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh , I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?	Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .	Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
ner-0306	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?	She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away .	How long has your sister been with her boyfriend ?	Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage .	Really ? Then I guess living together would be a good idea .	What do you mean ?	Well , these days too many people are getting divorced . If they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not .	Well , these days too many people are getting divorced . If they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not . I guess so . Better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out .
ner-0307	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ?	My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here.What a surprise.How long have you been doing this ?	Two years or so .	That is great.Do you have to work the night shift ?	No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .	Do you enjoy work here ?	It is hard to say.But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant.Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .	It is hard to say.But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant.Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
ner-0308	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do ?	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese . That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .
ner-0309	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ? It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
ner-0310	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	$ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that .
ner-0311	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	I'm afraid not . In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .
ner-0312	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !	Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction ?	Oh , yeah . I'm glad you mentioned that . I think we need to hire somebody new to manage it .	Oh , yeah . I'm glad you mentioned that . I think we need to hire somebody new to manage it . Can't Elvin handle it ?
ner-0313	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies .
ner-0314	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on . Our neighbor , Bruce , will take part in the relay race . Let's go have a look .
ner-0315	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would you tell me the name of the book and the author ?	Uh , the Origin of Law . And it's written by Professor Felix of Harvard .	I'm sorry . It's out of stock now . Could you come by again next week ?	Next week ? It is too late . I need it urgently .	Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it ?	Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it ? No , thanks any way .
ner-0316	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long . Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .
ner-0317	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ?
ner-0318	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?	I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .	I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
ner-0319	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Don't feel like it . I'm broke . Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?
ner-0320	Honey , I have something important to say .	Something important ?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets ? What tickets ?	Two air tickets .	Air tickets ?	Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .	We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?	Today is June 18 , isn ’ t it ?	Yes . So ?	Think about it !	Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .	Yes . Think about it carefully .	Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?	Oh , honey ! Don ’ t you remember this important day to us ?	Sorry .	It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .	Our 10th wedding anniversary ?	Of course . You completely forgot it .	Darling . I think you have made a mistake .	I have made a mistake ?	Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .	July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .	Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .	Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day . Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
ner-0321	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
ner-0322	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .	Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?	How old are your children ?	I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .	I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl . I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .
ner-0323	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again . Again ?
ner-0324	Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ?	Yes . I was president of the Student Council of our university .	Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?	Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years .	Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
ner-0325	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
ner-0326	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .	That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .	That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .	I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?	Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that ?	All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set .	All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set . Very well . Thank you .
ner-0327	Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ?	Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?	The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?	$ 300 .	$ 300 . We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
ner-0328	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .	What kind of music do you prefer then ?	I like pop music . Do you ?	Not really . I don't think pop music has much depth .	I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much .	How long have you been in to pop music , then ?	I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ?	I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ? Not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .
ner-0329	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ?
ner-0330	What would you like to eat , sir ?	Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .	Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea . Would you care for some lemon for your tea ?
ner-0331	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
ner-0332	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?	I've never gotten one . Have you ?	I got a ticket yesterday .	Really ? What did you get one for ?	I parked in the red zone .	Why did you do that ?	I needed to get something really quick .	I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ?
ner-0333	Nice day , isn't it ?	It sure is .	It sure is . It's a good day for a picnic .
ner-0334	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
ner-0335	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .
ner-0336	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .	Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate . Oh , great idea !
ner-0337	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ? To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .
ner-0338	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ? Yes . Is that available now ?
ner-0339	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .	I'm going to quit the job . Why ?
ner-0340	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	But , you were born and raised in California !	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .	So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?	I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .	Are you sure he really got the message ?	Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .	Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
ner-0341	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
ner-0342	We have the orientation this afternoon .	What ’ s going to be covered in the orientation ?	The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .	The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
ner-0343	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !	What's up , Robert ?	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight ! Slow down . What are you talking about ?
ner-0344	Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ?	I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ?	I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ? I want to get cigarettes .
ner-0345	Hi . I need to have my shoes repaired .	What ’ s the matter with them ?	Look at the heels . They are slanting .	Ah , I can do it perfectly .	How much does it cost ?	6 yuan . And I can make them as new as before .	6 yuan . And I can make them as new as before . I think it ’ s too expensive . I can just give you 4 yuan . Or I ’ ll go to another B .
ner-0346	Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ?	Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .	Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week . It's a deal .
ner-0347	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film . It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress .
ner-0348	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
ner-0349	So Janet , do you do any sports ?	Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby .	Yeah , how often do you go ?	About three times a week if I can .	About three times a week if I can . Not bad ! Do you do any other sports ?
ner-0350	Can you help me now ?	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow . That'll be too late .
ner-0351	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .	you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish .	who's the director ?	it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you ?	yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?	yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ? sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now .
ner-0352	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ?
ner-0353	Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?	I don't want to .	Well , come over and talk to me then .	Certainly not .	May I turn on the TV then ?	Turn on the TV for what ?	So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .	Listen to the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you ?	I will , but let's go to the disco after dinner .	I will , but let's go to the disco after dinner . To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it .
ner-0354	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Putting on mascara . Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
ner-0355	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets . Well , we have 6 for each room .
ner-0356	Excuse me . How much is the chocolate bar ?	One dollar .	One dollar . So , I can have five for five dollars ?
ner-0357	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .	You should have been there . It was intense .	Is that right . Who ended up winning ?	Our team was victorious .	I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .	It was a great game .	What was the score at the end of the game ?	Our team won 101-98 .	Our team won 101-98 . Sounds like it was a close game .
ner-0358	The last thing to be ignored at a Chinese dinner table is to keep modest .	Does that suggest diners avoid speaking much ? The same is true in the West .	No , absolutely not ! On the contrary , you'll be considered a well-connected , sociable man , if you keep involved in the conversation all the time . But always pay attention to what you say . If the table has a senior guest , say something as upbeat and cheerful as possible . Or maybe , you may give the floor to him and keep listening as if very interested .	You mean , keeping a low profile in the presence of the old ? That goes in like with Confucius ' preachings , right ?	Correct . Show respect for the older people . Conventionally , before the meal starts , the younger members are supposed to address each one of the elderly members of the table one by one . Others are kept in waiting until the most venerable guest proclaim the beginning of the meal and takes the first bite . Toasts also go to these men first before people can toast to each other .	Any other rules to observe in order to keep modest ?	Yes , plenty of them . Don't eat fast ! People usually keep their dining pace accorded with others . And all the dishes should not be eaten up completely .	Yes , plenty of them . Don't eat fast ! People usually keep their dining pace accorded with others . And all the dishes should not be eaten up completely . Is it because that would give the host the impression that the food was insufficient ?
ner-0359	How come it is slow as a snail today ?	You mean the network connection ?	Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click .	Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click . I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
ner-0360	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work . Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ’ t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
ner-0361	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of . Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?
ner-0362	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	She ’ s in the garden , Jane . What ’ s she doing ?
ner-0363	Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .	I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .	Do you know when he will be back ?	He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .	Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?	The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .	Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?	Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .	Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
ner-0364	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !	Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .	Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended .	Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended . Such a lovely girl . I hope my Paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday !
ner-0365	I'm so glad I bought this watch !	Cool ! Flashy red lines !	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof ?	Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .	Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am . Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
ner-0366	You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .	I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .	Do you feel ok ?	Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .	Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .	Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?	You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .	Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .	Zach , what's that on your arm ?	I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .	It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?	Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .	I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .	Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?	We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .	We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse . Whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting !
ner-0367	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	It was funny . Tell me about it , will you ?
ner-0368	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is this good news or bad news ?	It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth !	It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth ! You mean with people on it ?
ner-0369	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Just this suitcase . Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .
ner-0370	Hello sir , how may I help you ?	I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .	I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?	It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry .	Very well.This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .	I think I ’ m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?	Mmm , well this is our I ’ m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .	I don ’ t think that ’ s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !	I ’ m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?	Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .	Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier . Get out of my store , you jerk !
ner-0371	May I help you ?	Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?	I would prefer the first one .	I would prefer the first one . Sure . We have a one-day trip along the river . It's quite beautiful .
ner-0372	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble . Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha .
ner-0373	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ? Then I'll see you in the afternoon .
ner-0374	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food .
ner-0375	Could I have some fish ?	Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?	Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ? Oh , spinach , I think .
ner-0376	How are you today ?	Great , thanks .	Can I help you ?	I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .	I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .	Why not ?	You have to make an appointment first .	Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?	Is this Friday okay ?	Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ’ clock Friday evening okay ?
ner-0377	How are you wedding plans going ?	Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .	When will that be ready ?	The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .	You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .	Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .	Which hotel will the reception be held at ?	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
ner-0378	Excuse me . What should be included in my CV ?	Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions .	Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions . What kind of personal information ?
ner-0379	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?
ner-0380	Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet ?	No . How about you ?	No . How about you ? Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner .
ner-0381	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .
ner-0382	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so . Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .
ner-0383	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks . but you look quite proficient in using them now .
ner-0384	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
ner-0385	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?	What is your address ?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates ?	It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .	It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
ner-0386	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?	I want to go jogging .	I want to go jogging . All right . That sounds like fun .
ner-0387	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ? No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them .
ner-0388	Room service.What can I do for you ?	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room . Sorry sir , we will bring you one.Anything else ?
ner-0389	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man . It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
ner-0390	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .
ner-0391	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
ner-0392	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?	Yes , you can , but you will have to pay a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .	Yes , you can , but you will have to pay a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation . That ’ s OK . What are the weight restrictions for checked baggage ?
ner-0393	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .	Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...	And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .	Which is more expensive ?	But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train .	But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train . Now , have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
ner-0394	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter .
ner-0395	The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .	Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .	Why is the price so high ?	It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .	Model of computers aren't compatible ?	Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .	Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
ner-0396	What is life ?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart . Then do you think that life is arranged by something above us .
ner-0397	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	Certainly . Here it is . You are here on business , I think ?
ner-0398	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?	Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .	Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that . It is so nice of you .
ner-0399	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ? I'd like porcelain .
ner-0400	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
ner-0401	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ? You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
ner-0402	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed . Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .
ner-0403	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
ner-0404	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean ?	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets . That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .
ner-0405	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time . Thank you very much !
ner-0406	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results , we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks . But if I don't pass , will you call me ?
ner-0407	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	Thank you .	Is that your wedding ring ?	I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .	Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?	In June .	Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?	Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .	You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .	Thank you so much .	What kind of watch is it ?	It's a Tag Heer .	It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
ner-0408	Have you got your invitation yet ?	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	The house warming party .	Whose house warming party is it ?	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .	It's out in the suburbs .	Have you seen the house ?	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .	Is it nice ?	Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .	Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen . There's also a garden .
ner-0409	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .	My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .	Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming . I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help .
ner-0410	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . The bus stop is right there .	Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . The bus stop is right there . Thank you very much .
ner-0411	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .
ner-0412	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	I think Pond's is the best . And they're very dear , too .
ner-0413	Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet ?	No . How about you ?	No . How about you ? Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner .
ner-0414	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here . That's wonderful ! I like swimming .
ner-0415	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is it a long ride to Beijing Library ?	It will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour .	Thirty minutes , that will be all right . There are still fifty minutes to go before the library is open . Look , what are they doing on the square ?	It is an exhibition of Chinese jades . It is held each year . A nice collection jades of are on display and sold .	It is an exhibition of Chinese jades . It is held each year . A nice collection jades of are on display and sold . Sounds great ! Can you stop somewhere here for a minute ? I will get some souvenirs for my friends .
ner-0416	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too . What's the color of her eyes ?
ner-0417	I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .	Why , do we need groceries ?	I believe we are all out of food .	Do you know what to get ?	I don't know what we need .	Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?	I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .	Why don't you just get the basics ?	What do you mean ?	What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
ner-0418	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman . Do you think they'll become reconciled ?
ner-0419	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman . Do you think they'll become reconciled ?
ner-0420	Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair .	How tall is this building ?	It stands 320m ( 1050ft ) high and held the record as the world's tallest structure until 1930 .	It stands 320m ( 1050ft ) high and held the record as the world's tallest structure until 1930 . I have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?
ner-0421	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit . A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ?
ner-0422	Are you ready to go to the mall ?	Yeah . Dig my new pants ?	Copycat !	Copycat ! What do you mean ?
ner-0423	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Yes , I like collecting things . Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?
ner-0424	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
ner-0425	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .	You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork .	I'd like to make one now if I could .	Sure you can ; when would you like to come in ?	I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9	I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9 That'll be fine .
ner-0426	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see	What fun ! Normally I ’ d love to , but I ’ m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ’ Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .	Oh , right . You ’ re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?	Unfortunately , I just can ’ t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ’ s my second wedding anniversary , and we ’ re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .	Unfortunately , I just can ’ t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ’ s my second wedding anniversary , and we ’ re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it . Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ’ t be there . Maybe some other time ?
ner-0427	I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault .	What do you mean ?	It looks like the shipping company did this .	It looks like the shipping company did this . We'd better take it up with them , in that case .
ner-0428	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best ?	Spring .	Spring . How about summer ?
ner-0429	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	oh , i love horses ! i love nature and hiking and stuff like that .	me too ! although my left leg hurts every day because of all the activities i do .	what did you have for supper ? i had fried ants .	those would get all in my beard . i love having hair on my face .	those would get all in my beard . i love having hair on my face . i will eat anything at least 1 time . i should try to find an ant sticker .
ner-0430	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	i am good and you ? hey ! how are you tonight ?
ner-0431	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island oh cool , that sounds really exciting and expensive
ner-0432	how are you ? i love reading specifically mysteries .	i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing !	how are you ? i love reading specifically mysteries .	i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing !	i know what you mean i have seven kids of my own	i just have 2 roommates and a cat . no kids yet	i drive a big truck as my job , what about you ?	i teach kindergarten . barely covers the bills ?	oh you said that , sorry .	no problem . 7 kids must fry your brain ! lol	yes indeed . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .	purple ! i live in seattle . how about you ?	i currently live in sacramento .	i currently live in sacramento . i went to college in san diego , but moved out here 2 years ago after i graduated .
ner-0433	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know do you eat a lot of meat outdoors ? like hunting ? i love meat
ner-0434	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	good just listening to metallica with 2 my brothers	i actually like to listen to them while hiking . what do you do for fun ?	i do you like hiking in the cold or snow ? i love them both	i am from ohio so its usually pretty cold . i do not mind it	i am from ohio so its usually pretty cold . i do not mind it same here i am from wisconsin
ner-0435	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	i grew up with horses on a farm and love them . like animals ?	i love animals . i grew up around horses in north dakota .	nice , i also love to cook with vegetables in my garden .	i love fresh food . i can stuff all the time .	awesome . do you excercise ? i do every day . need to lose weight .	not very much . work keeps me pretty busy .	what do you do ? i am a teacher .	i recently changed jobs , started in advertising last year .	sounds interesting . i would like to own my own horse ranch one day .	that would a fun job . what do you do for fun ?	besides cooking , working out and music i like to go to the movies .	besides cooking , working out and music i like to go to the movies . i love movies . i wish i could go more often .
ner-0436	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times . hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0437	hi there how are you ?	i am fine , but i do not like my father much at all	hi there how are you ?	i am fine , but i do not like my father much at all	why is that what has he done ?	he does not like my career as a nurse . what do you do ?	just graduated college in medical field	ohh nice ! do you have any pets ? i do not like cats !	no just got engaged tho maybe kids down the line	i have been a nurse for years , when do you start working ?	got to find a job first . do you like sports ?	got to find a job first . do you like sports ? i really like onions , but not sure about sports ! haha .
ner-0438	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hello there , how are you ? hi there ! i am well , and you ?
ner-0439	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	i m doing good i just had a free time suing good for you . i am kicking back working on a romance novel i am writing .
ner-0440	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels	i am kind of blind late so no	you still like the army ? i love watching movies and you ?	i do but now i am a bar singer . i like listening to the radio .	okay , i hope to be a chef , i love to cook for others .	really . i wish i could have a meal .	what is your favorite station ? you listen to music or the news ?	i like 97 . 9 jams . how about you ?	i like 97 . 9 jams . how about you ? i love to make soup and french food .
ner-0441	hello ! how are you today ?	i am well , what are your plans today ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am well , what are your plans today ?	probably just some stitching and quilting . you ?	that sounds very relaxing . i think i am going to wash my car . do you study ?	that sounds very relaxing . i think i am going to wash my car . do you study ? ha , not for a long time ! i am what they call a baby boomer
ner-0442	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i do especially with barbeque sauce . i like it covered in chocolate .
ner-0443	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first . oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?
ner-0444	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i am hungry how about you ? i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .
ner-0445	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	i prefer fantasy and sci fi cool what about work ? i would love to be a chef
ner-0446	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	mostly playing poker . what about you ?	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? mostly playing poker . what about you ?
ner-0447	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	nice ! you paint ? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall haha . get a big stool . you can do it !
ner-0448	hello , what do you like to do ?	i love to listen to bach and compose songs in english . you ?	hello , what do you like to do ?	i love to listen to bach and compose songs in english . you ?	i love to swim and spend time with my loved ones ! i also learn every day .	very nice ! i love bacon but i am so afraid it will draw in insects .	what do you look like ? i have no feet , but i have a tail !	no feet , i am sorry ! i am tall english speaking adult !	it is okay ! i live in the ocean and my friends are sea creatures !	that is fun ! do you work in the sea too ?	no , i go to school every day ! do you work ?	no , i go to school every day ! do you work ? yes , as an engineer . do you have pets ?
ner-0449	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	i live in the animal shelter , i love animals specifically dogs	i love animals too 2 basset hounds	two pit bulls , i am not allowed at the shelter anymore cause i adopt every time	sweet i would be that way too we love pits here too	so many do not like pits makes me sad , my boss niece loves my babies	what is your favorite restaurant ? yes they were called nanny dogs	i would say anyplace that serves mexican	i would say anyplace that serves mexican good stuff veggie burritos for me
ner-0450	how are you i play music for a living	i love music ! i also love horses	how are you i play music for a living	i love music ! i also love horses	i like riding horses . i love to go running also	i do not . i would get sweaty	its good for your health . i love the band nirvana they are my favorite	i listen to pop music	my dad used to be a police officer	my dad owns a car dealership across town	cool do you get free cars ?	no but i get a discount	no but i get a discount cool . do you like movies ?
ner-0451	i just came inside from playing frisbee with my dogs , 2 black labs . how about you ?	i have a pet dog too . he is a blast .	i just came inside from playing frisbee with my dogs , 2 black labs . how about you ?	i have a pet dog too . he is a blast .	i have a pet dog too . he is a blast . dogs are the greatest , mine beg me for the sardines i eat every morning for breakfast .
ner-0452	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	fine , where do you work ?	i am a real estate agent , how about you	i work with troubled teens .	goodness that must be challenging . my children are still in kindergarten	it is not too bad . do they like school ?	yes they do so far . so how do you feel about the environment	yes they do so far . so how do you feel about the environment i am not worried about the invisible parts . but people should not litter .
ner-0453	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	oh great ! my pediatric office loves to listen to jazz during work	i usually put jazz on in the background while i read i read a ton .	reading is something i love just as much as i do running !	i would love to run more , but i have a bad knee .	you sound like my wife complaining about our two kids	i am not sure how a bad knee compares to kids . do you keep up with news ?	wife chases the kids around the house while i am in the garage with my vintage cars	wife chases the kids around the house while i am in the garage with my vintage cars nice . i love old muscle cars . i spend my evenings watching news on tv .
ner-0454	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails .	my parents were barely ever around . nope , no nails . sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ?
ner-0455	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	i looked like a robot with the tail i has as a baby	wow a tail ? did you grow it ?	i had it cut off when i was a baby	i had it cut off when i was a baby that is interesting what do you do now ?
ner-0456	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ? my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they want to graduate at mississippi university like me
ner-0457	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well only football . we can eat cheese pizza though .
ner-0458	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar . guitar is cool . i really like music .
ner-0459	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	wow ! you still together ? i sell things i hand make on ebay . i have two children .	yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows .	how long you have been married ? i divorced because i was bored with doug .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together . do you and your sweetheart work ? what kind of shows do you do ?
ner-0460	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i can not do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	i do do that . walk my granddaughter to school everyday	oh spending time with your granddaughter must be great . how old is she ?	6 and more energy than any girl should have	6 and more energy than any girl should have i am sure , but she must be a lot of fun .
ner-0461	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	cool , as long as you do not harm the tree .	i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now , the tree is safe . .	i get worried about the world something .	why are you worried about the world ?	i just worry about how people harm the environment	yeah , humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies ?	i make all my own clothes and i sing folk .	do you knit any of your clothes ? i am a knitter .	during winter i do alot .	during winter i do alot . i often get funny looks when people see a 40 year old man knitting !
ner-0462	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	i am good . what is your occupation ? how are you doing today ?
ner-0463	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ? never been married . i am originally from new york actually
ner-0464	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	now i am old and it hurts every day . i have to keep it propped up	i drive a forklift and i have to prop mine up as well .	its easy to ride . i love riding them as long as i do not fall off again .	what else do you do for fun ?	i used to drive a forklift and they made me shave my face everyday	i used to drive a forklift and they made me shave my face everyday they do not make me do that .
ner-0465	hello , how are you tonight ?	i teach little 5 year olds and can barely make ends meet each month	hello , how are you tonight ?	i teach little 5 year olds and can barely make ends meet each month	cool . i am a drop out who works at burger king . so whats up	nothing much . . just sitting here with my one and only little kitten	apparently i hate cats and dogs and all . whats your family situation ?	its just me and my cat i live alone after i graduated college	what did you get a degree in ? was college awesome ?	it was the best years of my life	i bet . did you live in a crap low income apartment like i do it seems ?	i live in a 2 bedroom that i can no longer afford each months hbu	same , worse probably by the looks of it . whats your job ?	i teach 5 year olds	that is right , sorry . hobbies or interests besides the cat ?	i like to go out with friends and try new foods	i like to go out with friends and try new foods oh cool . what have you found that is an unexpected favorite ?
ner-0466	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?
ner-0467	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah , i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it ! is six four two twenty tall and big ?	yes , too big for soccer , which is my favorite sport !	i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write ?	no , but my fiance does .	no , but my fiance does . hmmm . have him help you write a book about soccer .
ner-0468	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	that is good , how was shopping , buy anything ?	i bought some nice clothes , a new pair of jeans . what about you ?	going on a walk soon with my dogs on the mountain near my house .	going on a walk soon with my dogs on the mountain near my house . i do not have any pets but sometimes i go on walks with my sister .
ner-0469	hello there , i am writing from a island faraway where i live .	that is awesome ! i have traveled and gone to school faraway too !	hello there , i am writing from a island faraway where i live .	that is awesome ! i have traveled and gone to school faraway too !	where was your school ? i am a romance novel writer and an introvert .	must not be too introverted to talk to me ! new zealand .	beautiful place . my two cats keep me company as i write .	a writer ? me too ! but i got a job in advertising last year .	sometimes i venture out and speak with new people . only from my computer .	i do not talk to a lot of people either . still have my best friend from kindergarten .	that is awesome ! what do you write ? what do you do in advertising ?	i write a lot about my faith . i am jewish . advertising . that is not interesting .	jewish ? that is interesting . i do not know any jewish people .	not a lot of us in north dakota as a kid either . do you have a faith ?	non denominational christian . have you published anything ?	non denominational christian . have you published anything ? no , most of my writings are personal . you must have some books out there though ?
ner-0470	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	i am jess . how are you doing ? i am doing really well , thank you . do you have any hobbies ?
ner-0471	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again . nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife
ner-0472	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie what movie ? i do not watch much movies since i am a busy nurse .
ner-0473	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	no . i am just getting to know you . i spend most of my time online , chatting .	no . i am just getting to know you . i spend most of my time online , chatting . gotcha . i had to have a tail removed when i was born .
ner-0474	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	scotch goes good with anything lol .	i have a brother who likes scotch	i am an only child .	i have just the one brother and 3 sisters	do you have any pets ? i am scared of dogs .	i have a cat and a dog you would not be scared of my dog	what do you do for a living ?	i am a secretary like my mom hard living and you ?	i am an author . i write short stories .	i am an author . i write short stories . do you want to write a story about a major meat eating bodybuilder ?
ner-0475	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass . i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .
ner-0476	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i live there now , currently watching the office	i live there now , currently watching the office that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ?
ner-0477	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant with a bunch of kids so i know	that sounds pretty cool . i clean kennels at the animal shelter .	that is cool do you lift weight ? i love to work out	no they are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit .	no they are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit . i go every weekend then i barbeque
ner-0478	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts ?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike ?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you like to cook ? i will try any kind of food at least once	i can do it but not my passion . do you know barry manila ?	barry manilow you mean ? yes i know of him	i like him a lot . my favorite by far	i have a weird sticker of barry	oh yeah what is it of ?	an weird sticker of an album cover	an weird sticker of an album cover that is cool . do you have pets ?
ner-0479	hello and how are you doing this evening ?	i tired just got home from the war museum	hello and how are you doing this evening ?	i tired just got home from the war museum	have you ever heard of being a furry ? that is who i am	oh wow ! how was your day furry	lol good do you play on second life ? i do	no just the living even though my wife keeps dying	no just the living even though my wife keeps dying i am online quite a bit
ner-0480	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ? i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics
ner-0481	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	you just have to work it off bit by bit	i do not have a job	sorry to hear that , steal stuff then	what do you mean by this ?	steal things and sell them for money	steal things and sell them for money lol no i will not do this . it is illegal
ner-0482	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello i love living in new york hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?
ner-0483	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hi want to get to know each other hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?
ner-0484	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	i love dogs not cats so it is cool , my town is small , you ?	well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving	gotcha that is nice , i love early mornings	it is nice , i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise	that is really nice , like homemade things ?	what do you mean homemade things ?	crafts , like art , got kids ?	definitely , my major was from in the arts , i do not you ?	what is the question ? you lost me	what is the question ? you lost me i am not sure either , haha
ner-0485	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch . i run a lot and walk .
ner-0486	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	i am tired as heck , like the cold ?	is your name tara by any chance	lol no like cheese ? i do	where are you from i am from new york	i live in wisconsin , how are you ?	i am doing ok are you male or female	i am doing ok are you male or female i am a female , i like this weather
ner-0487	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy that is great that you have a job that you can do that !
ner-0488	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?	not anymore because i am 28	not anymore because i am 28 oh i was homeschooled it was odd
ner-0489	hi i am passionate about animals and zoos , what do you like ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ?	hi i am passionate about animals and zoos , what do you like ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ?	yes , one , but i do not have much time between my job and volunteer work	must be tough to have all of that going on at once .	yes , but my large collection of teddy bears helps me cope	well you got to do what you have got to do .	what do you do for work ?	i am not a people person , so i just focus on my home business designing cabinets .	i am not a people person , so i just focus on my home business designing cabinets . have you made green cabinets ? that is my favorite color !
ner-0490	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies haha . thanks . working on classic cars is my passion !
ner-0491	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ? hi my name is marie how are you today ?
ner-0492	hello . how are you ? i am in sale . what about you ?	hello . how are you ? i am a middle schooler	hello . how are you ? i am in sale . what about you ?	hello . how are you ? i am in sale . what about you ? hello . how are you ? i am a middle schooler
ner-0493	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you ? i am 40 .	let me see , i have been forgetting ! i am 30 .	ah . single ? kids ? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently .	i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently . i see . i do not like sitting still . do you ?
ner-0494	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	a christian rock band called p . o . d .	a christian rock band called p . o . d . i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals !
ner-0495	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence
ner-0496	hi there ! how you doing today ? i just got home from school .	hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ?	hi there ! how you doing today ? i just got home from school .	hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ?	it was okay . i am only 5 feet tall , so kids make fun of me .	oh no that is not very nice , what grade are you in ?	10th . mom and dad yell at my sister for picking on me , too .	oh ok that is very mean that people are picking on you .	4 people in 1 house is too much ! glad i have my music . love it !	what type of music do you like ?	all of it ! i like to make my own .	all of it ! i like to make my own . that is very creative , do you dance to it ?
ner-0497	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	are you an animal person ?	oh yes i love animals . how about you ?	me too . i have two large huskies named jack and jill	i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger .	do you train them ? mine like to catch frisbees .	we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ?	i am a bagger at a grocery store .	nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs .	that sounds interesting . i did not finish school so i do not have a lot of options	you always have options ! what are your passions ?	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person .	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person . well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer ! you never know !
ner-0498	i just came back from shopping at the mall .	oh cool , i be online a lot	i just came back from shopping at the mall .	oh cool , i be online a lot	i am celebrating ! i bought myself a gift !	what you bought if i may ask	i love buying clothes ! ! of course i got some shoes .	what type of shoes ? heels or flats ?	i like both ! i bought some heels today and some boots .	i like both ! i bought some heels today and some boots . oh cool , how old are you
ner-0499	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello i like to travel . hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .
ner-0500	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single . student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .
ner-0501	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ? no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .
ner-0502	hi how are you doing today ?	i just finished hiking and camping , how about you ?	hi how are you doing today ?	i just finished hiking and camping , how about you ?	love hiking in the mountains by my house . good thanks .	i have a lot of meat to grill up this weekend . any plans ?	do you like animals ? have a pet ?	no but i love music as my truck has a great sound system	have 3 dogs and 2 cats myself . ok .	i should get my father a pet since he is retired now .	i listen to barry manila in my ride . you should .	i will think about it as my mother is busy working in healthcare .	good for him to have some company .	yes it would . what do you do ?	i am an artist by day .	i am an artist by day . that sounds interesting . what are your hobbies ?
ner-0503	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it . oh great ! my pediatric office loves to listen to jazz during work
ner-0504	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	i am a well known local singer , whats your job ?	stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant .	stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant . i graduated from usc , are you in school ?
ner-0505	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school . hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?
ner-0506	hello , how was your day ?	it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house	hello , how was your day ?	it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house	i have always thought i was too short to go on hikes	nonsense , no ones too short to hike	short people are always having trouble keeping up with taller people	that is the taller persons problem , i am tall and i always try and slow down	well that is nice	yeah , do you have any pets ?	no pets . do you have any ?	no pets . do you have any ? i have 2 kittens , one just peed on my bed though
ner-0507	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie i wish i could draw . my parents were more scientific . mom is a doctor
ner-0508	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! i would do that .	i just have to wait to be old enough . i am only 12	oh , i did not realize ! do you have a favorite food ? i like italian .	i like pizza . that is italian , right ?	i would say so but it originated in china i believe .	weird . well there is a good icecream shop by my tae kwan do class	i love ice cream ! do you have pets ?	no . but maybe one day .	no . but maybe one day . i have two cats , simon and dylan .
ner-0509	hello tell me about yourself	well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk	hello tell me about yourself	well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk	sorry to hear that , i have not talked to my parent is years they live in australia	that sucks , so what do you do for work , i enjoy nursing and work as one	i am currently a stock broker here in cali	whoa big money , i have been at the same job for years	i got to get money so i keep eating my favorite food ! haha	i enjoy onions , they are my favorite , what is your favorite food	mine is eggplant parmigiana , i love italian food	yeah italian is great , tell me something else interesting about yourself .	family means a lot to me i love my brothers and sisters	i do not like my family or my dad , he is a drunk	that is no good , sorry to hear that	so do you like your family ?	yes , very much i have a big mexican family	yes , very much i have a big mexican family i have a big puerto rican family but they are originally from mexico
ner-0510	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ? wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home .
ner-0511	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too . hey how are you doing this evening ?
ner-0512	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too . goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding
ner-0513	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	sometimes i use a british accent to become attractive	why would you do that ? i am taking my sister shopping tomorrow .	where are you going shopping ?	where are you going shopping ? i am thinking buckle and macys .
ner-0514	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ? that is great . my family lives on my road .
ner-0515	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	preparing my husbands lunch he is about to leave to work his night shift	awe how sweet , what do you drive ? i drive a beetle	a honda pilot for not till my daughter give me back my accord	when i get big i want to be a doc	that is great all i am really good at is cooking	i graduate high school next year i am excited .	that is great you must be so proud	i am going to auburn university also	do you know what you want to study ?	i guess you are sleepy also i take it ?	i guess you are sleepy also i take it ? yes i am almost over with this day tho
ner-0516	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	hey , where do you work ?	hey , where do you work ? i am a music teacher , what are you ?
ner-0517	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	that is a fine thing to do for yourself . i like pink nail polish .	oh nice . we should go some time .	are here in southern california ?	nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more	nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more well i am getting too old for the beach but you are quite far from it .
ner-0518	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	i love the outdoors ! the weather is crazy this year !	the best part , is the feast of a wild boar .	do you know how to cook ?	yea , amongst other things , i installed a loud stereo in my truck .	yea , amongst other things , i installed a loud stereo in my truck . i love animals ! i adopted a cat .
ner-0519	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	what about ? wish i had more time to read but as a nurse i do not	i am studying to be a chef . my romance novel is about two cooks !	i am studying to be a chef . my romance novel is about two cooks ! cool ! i do not really have hobbies but i do love eating muffins !
ner-0520	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	no that would suck i love dogs hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats
ner-0521	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .
ner-0522	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ? i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun
ner-0523	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true sounds interesting , ha ! i come from wisconsin , lots of snow and cold for me ! i love it .
ner-0524	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	do you have any other pets	no , i am living in the dorms with my girlfriend . one pet limit	i see do you like to write ?	used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer	what did you use to write	mostly about my adventures . i love traveling . what do you do for fun ?	i write my steamy romance novels	i write my steamy romance novels ooh , sounds fun ! have you been doing that for a long time ?
ner-0525	hi there how are you ?	i am fine , but i do not like my father much at all	hi there how are you ?	i am fine , but i do not like my father much at all	why is that what has he done ?	he does not like my career as a nurse . what do you do ?	just graduated college in medical field	ohh nice ! do you have any pets ? i do not like cats !	no just got engaged tho maybe kids down the line	i have been a nurse for years , when do you start working ?	got to find a job first . do you like sports ?	got to find a job first . do you like sports ? i really like onions , but not sure about sports ! haha .
ner-0526	hi , how are you ? what is your name ?	hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ?	hi , how are you ? what is your name ?	hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ?	my name is pat . just about to head into my garden . what are you studying ?	i am going to be a hairdresser . how is your garden coming along ?	i use the plants in my biology lectures . do you have any hobbies ?	i have an aquarium . i keep exotic fish ! and i collect also .	very cool ! i have seen some amazing fish on my travels . do you travel ?	i do not get a chance . i kill time with my vintage collection . from 1950s	vintage cars ? i have been to 6 countries . i love going on long walks in each country .	decorations mainly . that sounds very exciting . alone or with family ?	alone . i love to meet new people on my travels . what is your favorite exotic fish ?	the nemo looking one . i stare at him when i eat my granola every morning	oh , the clownfish ! i researched that for one of my biology studies at the college .	where do you go to college ?	i went to michigan state but i now teach biology at georgetown . where is your hairdressing school ?	i went to michigan state but i now teach biology at georgetown . where is your hairdressing school ? harvard school of haircuts . full scholarship , got the full ride .
ner-0527	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital . hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?
ner-0528	hey how is it going today ?	not so good . i am sick . i have a dog allergy .	not so good . i am sick . i have a dog allergy . hey how is it going today ?
ner-0529	hi i am passionate about animals and zoos , what do you like ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ?	hi i am passionate about animals and zoos , what do you like ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ? yes , one , but i do not have much time between my job and volunteer work
ner-0530	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian	that is so sweet . what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music , what about you ?	i play frisbee with my dogs every day	i play frisbee with my dogs every day that sounds like fun , i wish our goldfish was more fun
ner-0531	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ? i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .
ner-0532	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	my factory job allows me weekends off so i get to watch the games . you ?	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery	office for me . then home to my garden filled with purple flowers .	you kind of sounds like your single , i am too and love it !	yep . great friends great life . love the outdoors . except water sports !	really ? ! ? ! i love water ! in fact that is the only liquid i will drink !	drinking it is fine . anything larger than a glass terrifies me , lol .	drinking it is fine . anything larger than a glass terrifies me , lol . that is funny ! i love swimming at the pool in my gym , it is a great workout
ner-0533	hi there how are you today	i am great ! my name is joanna , what is yours ?	hi there how are you today	i am great ! my name is joanna , what is yours ?	my name is rachel . what do you do to pass time ?	i enjoy horror movies . what kind of movies do you like ?	i enjoy doing exercise videos with my cats !	how fun ! i grew up on a farm so i love animals . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in sonoma valley which is where i developed my interest in dieting	do you work in the fitness industry ?	i do ! in fact i own my own dieting business !	i do ! in fact i own my own dieting business ! interesting ! did you go to college for that ?
ner-0534	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am doing good how are you good evening how are you ?
ner-0535	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music . my dog is better at dancing than i am !
ner-0536	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	nice , where do you work ? i do mostly sales	i am a criminal defense lawyer .	nice , well do you have a hobby on the side ? i love graphic design	i do photography and paint a little .	i love painting and i listen to rush my favorite band while painting	do you have any pets ? i have two pups .	no i have a lot of friends though , i was at a friends house the other day	i am in oklahoma , where are you located ?	i am here in new york city	i have visited several times , i prefer hawaii	ets go together then ? why not	sorry , no . i only date those in my profession .	sorry , no . i only date those in my profession . whoa i guess that means your a classy lady then huh , i usually date whoever
ner-0537	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	scotch goes good with anything lol .	i have a brother who likes scotch	i am an only child .	i have just the one brother and 3 sisters	do you have any pets ? i am scared of dogs .	i have a cat and a dog you would not be scared of my dog	what do you do for a living ?	i am a secretary like my mom hard living and you ?	i am an author . i write short stories .	i am an author . i write short stories . do you want to write a story about a major meat eating bodybuilder ?
ner-0538	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ?	ugh , i love some good fried onions	ugh , i love some good fried onions i can not keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion ?
ner-0539	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife
ner-0540	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ? yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .
ner-0541	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music . nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .
ner-0542	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like music to relax . but mostly to read just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?
ner-0543	hi there how are you today ?	i am good now that my girlfriend moved in with me . how are you	i am good now that my girlfriend moved in with me . how are you hi there how are you today ?
ner-0544	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ? i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .
ner-0545	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today . hello , how are you today ?
ner-0546	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day like lord of the rings ?
ner-0547	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold , though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago . that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats
ner-0548	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school . hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?
ner-0549	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	hey ! how are you doing ? you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?
ner-0550	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a great job .	books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ?	i work 12 hour shifts . it is hard , but rewarding .	anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ?	i do not know , i was off today .	just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ?	i work weird shifts , and have only had four days off in a month .	i work weird shifts , and have only had four days off in a month . crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil
ner-0551	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ? hey what are your interests ?
ner-0552	hello . i am studying for a biology exam . what are you doing ?	i am doing research for a new book	hello . i am studying for a biology exam . what are you doing ?	i am doing research for a new book	cool . are you a writer ?	yes , i write fiction about aliens , ghosts , invisibility , whatever idea catches my fancy	i want to write a book after i finish university .	it is difficult , but very rewarding .	i bet it is . do you like to party ?	sometimes i go out with my friends . and you ?	sometimes i go out with my friends . and you ? although i grew up on the u . s . i am not the typical drinking and partying student
ner-0553	hey , i m a single woman	me too ! where are you from ?	hey , i m a single woman	hey , i m a single woman me too ! where are you from ?
ner-0554	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	doing well . just got home from job as a nurse .	ohh , are you exhausted from work ? spicy food makes me feel good after long hours of work .	yes . and i still have to walk my dog , pedro . do you have pets ?	pedro is a great name for a dog . yes , an eagle named pecker .	what is it like with a pet eagle ?	very bad ass . is your dog big ?	no . very short . just like me . i am five foot .	perfect , can i train my eagle to pick up pedro and take him to the sky ?	no ! i like my dog . do you like film ?	why not ? ! obviously , you want to watch a movie with me ?	i like comedies . how about you ?	same , do you like poetry ?	not much . more into film .	not much . more into film . so do you like animated film then ?
ner-0555	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ? i am good , drinking some scotch .
ner-0556	hey you ! what is going on ?	just hanging in there ! my left leg hurts .	hey you ! what is going on ?	just hanging in there ! my left leg hurts .	what is wrong with it ? i am sorry to hear that	i broke my femur a long time ago . its ok thanks for caring .	i am so sorry . i really hope you have access to healthcare	i fell off a horse . i love riding horses .	horses are so beautiful . my favorite fiction book is about a horse	what is the title of the book ?	stallions of forever i am a very avid reader . are you ?	i love to learn and do research	i am actually in the field of it	did you know birth control causes facial hair ? ?	i actually did not know about that . did you recently hear that bc is not covered anymore ?	i actually did not know about that . did you recently hear that bc is not covered anymore ? i love my facial hair i thing i will be okay
ner-0557	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ? how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .
ner-0558	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough .	i work at my mas restaurant part of the time , i have too much time .	there is never enough time ! i am watching tv and catching up on old shows .	i have american greed playing in the background . lol	is it really good ? i have heard of it , but , never watched it .	yeah , a lot of episodes . people can be really greedy !	yeah , a lot of episodes . people can be really greedy ! i think we all can . maybe watching that will make me feel better about myself !
ner-0559	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to arrest my best friend	are their toes webbed like mine are ?	lol no i do not think so	lol no i do not think so five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .
ner-0560	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs
ner-0561	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	i am doing good . listening to some john denver . hi , how are you ?
ner-0562	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	i am doing wonderfully , just came back from the zoo .	how was the zoo and the animals ?	it was amazing , i bought a new bear to add to my collection .	wow what color is the bear and what kind ?	a sun bear . i will donate my collection to the shelter later this year .	that is amazing , how many do you have ?	i have over 50 . we always get a large number of displaced children	that is a lot of bears wow , how long have you been collecting them ?	since the beginning of the year , i am a nurse .	how long have you been a nurse ?	almost twenty years . what do you do ?	i am a full time babysitter	i am a full time babysitter is that fun or do you do it solely for the money ?
ner-0563	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ? hello , i am okay . watching the lord of the rings .
ner-0564	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you ?	pretty good where do you work ?	i am self employed . a free lance writer .	i do stocks . that must be hard	i love it . it lets me weave in stories about my old job at the carnival .	what is your favorite food ?	not much of a foodie . now , cold scotch on the rocks . bliss . what is yours ?	eggplant parmigiana i am an italian	yum . that sounds good . how about movies ?	not so much . and you ?	batman was fabulous in theaters .	batman was fabulous in theaters . do you have any pets then
ner-0565	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	but i am so used to cutting hair short , i give my three dogs buzz cuts .	i am a chef and i can cook good but i am not happy about my weight .	oh a chef can you make me a cheese pizza ? i am starving !	short hair is ok for guys and dogs but my husband hates it on women .	i have short hair but i may grow it out for my fave holiday christmas .	i can make 5 different kinds depending what cheese and toppings	i just prefer a plain cheese pizza .	i have 3 hungry kids and a husband to cook for . luckily he works at night .	i would be so lonely if my husband was not here at night .	i am a chef during the day at work and again at home for the kids	how long have you been a chef ?	we like our schedule . that way we do not get tired of each other	we like our schedule . that way we do not get tired of each other that makes sense . all couples need alone time .
ner-0566	hi there , i am a starting model living like a pauper in new york !	my wife is a model , but we do pretty well . are you married ?	hi there , i am a starting model living like a pauper in new york !	my wife is a model , but we do pretty well . are you married ?	single here , and no kids for me , they would ruin my figure .	single here , and no kids for me , they would ruin my figure . we adopted because my wife was afraid of that , but i love my 2 kids !
ner-0567	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	just playing some ultimate it is the best	just playing some ultimate it is the best sounds fun , is it a video game ? i like playing poker .
ner-0568	hi what are you up to ? i am cooking eggs and bacon	hi , just finished a great work out . do you like swimming ?	hi what are you up to ? i am cooking eggs and bacon	hi , just finished a great work out . do you like swimming ?	i like to take my kids swimming while my husband works at his business	i like to take my kids swimming while my husband works at his business i have kids too ! we go swimming together every day .
ner-0569	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	i am petting my one and only cat . where are you from	my family and i are from australia . where are you from ?	that is different , i live in seattle and have two roommates	that is different , i live in seattle and have two roommates what do you do in seattle ? i have never been .
ner-0570	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in florida , mexico and cali . i like to travel .	in florida , mexico and cali . i like to travel . sounds like i will need to travel more .
ner-0571	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet . great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ?
ner-0572	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34 hi , want to be my friend ?
ner-0573	hello , janice here . i am watching lord of the rings . what are you doing ?	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	hello , janice here . i am watching lord of the rings . what are you doing ?	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	i have two part time jobs , so no time for dogs .	i drink watered scotch . you ?	i love to read fantasy and watch it too .	what two positions do you work ?	one is writing fantasy books , but i am just starting .	and the other position is what ?	movie critic for lord of the rings movies .	movie critic for lord of the rings movies . great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories .
ner-0574	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us .	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us . that is cute ! i have a lap dog as well . she does not walk much .
ner-0575	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	i am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?	my wheelchair is really fast and can go over many terrains .	my wheelchair is really fast and can go over many terrains . cool ! i am an atheist .
ner-0576	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	i am a well known local singer , whats your job ?	stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant .	stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant . i graduated from usc , are you in school ?
ner-0577	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe i should listen to my favorite band .	oh no ! i am sorry . what is your favorite band ?	i like simple plan . do you have a favorite music group ?	i like simple plan . do you have a favorite music group ? i like rock , but i like a wide variety too
ner-0578	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	lasagna . my husband and 8 kids keep me really busy !	lasagna . my husband and 8 kids keep me really busy ! yum ! my dogs and birds keep me busy .
ner-0579	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	you will never guess who i am .	you will never guess who i am . hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?
ner-0580	hey how are you what you doing ?	i am good , just strumming the old banjo , you ?	hey how are you what you doing ?	i am good , just strumming the old banjo , you ?	i am good , just strumming the old banjo , you ? thinking if i want to start a round of poker or not
ner-0581	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	no i have not , it is hard to even breath what do you do for fun ? like music ?
ner-0582	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not wow . i am a nurse . i can help you
ner-0583	hi , want to be my friend ?	sure , i am darlene and i work 2 part time jobs right now .	sure , i am darlene and i work 2 part time jobs right now . hi , want to be my friend ?
ner-0584	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	when i can , i live in northern cali . no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?
ner-0585	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	hello . what do you like to do ?	diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ?	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw .	i would like to be a fashion designer someday . i draw . oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ?
ner-0586	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	hi the jack here , i am good good to hear jack , how is the weather where you are ?
ner-0587	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hey i am brianna i am okay	so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ?	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there .
ner-0588	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza	you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby .	i just need pizza on my favorites	you must like pizza as much as i like rush . you know ? the band ?	i have never heard of those band	i have never heard of those band awww man ! get some pizza , play some rush ! ! we should hang out sometime .
ner-0589	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium .	sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ?	chicago . not the best spot for readers .	chicago . not the best spot for readers . i know what you mean . i get tired of the romantic questions .
ner-0590	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	i looked like a robot with the tail i has as a baby	wow a tail ? did you grow it ?	i had it cut off when i was a baby	i had it cut off when i was a baby that is interesting what do you do now ?
ner-0591	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours	really ? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	you like to race on a wheel chair ?	i would lol would you ?	you can have so much fun doing it .	you can have so much fun doing it . i would have to see i am tired easy
ner-0592	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration ! i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?
ner-0593	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now	sounds like you love animals ! i hope my volkswagen beetle does not break down .	that would suck ! whats your favorite car music ? mine is simple plan	i never heard of them . i am pretty young , 17 , but i love classical music .	interesting , i have been trying to date my boss niece who is the same age	is she in high school ? i am a senior at pine forest .	nope , she dropped out of school to work at the animal shelter	so she works with you ? that could be tricky .	she does , but she makes me so much less of a crabby person so it works	she does , but she makes me so much less of a crabby person so it works that is great ! i hope to find someone who brings out the best in me .
ner-0594	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	lol . i write novels , mainly romance . my cats always make an appearance .	interesting , how does it pay ?	it pays for the extra . my husband is a detective .	maybe i should try that , seattle is not cheap for kindergarten teachers	i live on an island in the caribbean . it suits us .	cool , i have a college friend who worked in the caribbean one summer	it is a different world here , i would not change it for anything .	that would be nice , ramen gets tiresome after day four	i have never ate it . what is it ?	deep fried , prepackaged noodles that are ten cents a package	deep fried , prepackaged noodles that are ten cents a package i have never heard of those . we mainly eat fruit and chicken .
ner-0595	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	i am doing very well . i have biology homework .	oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study .	i do not party , nor do i drink .	wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college .	very nice . do you travel a lot ?	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city .	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city . is atlantic city nice ? i heard it was kind of trashy now .
ner-0596	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today . well that is good news
ner-0597	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , i prefer to own .	i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats ?	no . just dogs . what about you ?	i am a single cat lady . are you married ?	i am a single cat lady . are you married ? yes . my wife loves rock climbing , but i am scared of heights .
ner-0598	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours	really ? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do .	i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do . goodnight there see ya later
ner-0599	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ? i do not but purple is mine too !
ner-0600	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	i am well thank you just waiting for my kiddos to get home from school . than dinner	i am well thank you just waiting for my kiddos to get home from school . than dinner i wish i had kids . just me and my dog , pedro , here
ner-0601	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	i am doing great , where are you from ?	i am doing great , where are you from ? i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school .
ner-0602	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ? definitely . i love country music especially .
ner-0603	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ? hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .
ner-0604	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner . hello , how are you today ?
ner-0605	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am doing good how are you good evening how are you ?
ner-0606	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	i like to dance in my spare time .	i like to dance in my spare time . i love painting portraits in my spare time
ner-0607	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	pretty talented to lift and type at the same time . i can be a canadian .	absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot	i did not multitasking was a body building thing . i love to drink iced tea .	tea is good . any hobbies ?	no . i do not like to do anything . i have no soul . you ?	i like theodore roosevelt and i rescue rabbits	you are such a saint . i like to eat rabbit stew .	i try to be a good person	i wish more of the world was like you . favorite color ?	unfortunately i have been colorblind since 5 . what is yours ?	unfortunately i have been colorblind since 5 . what is yours ? that makes me a little sad . mine is green and purple . it is hard to choose which .
ner-0608	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ? nah , i stay on the reservation in oklahoma .
ner-0609	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hey i am brianna i am okay	so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ?	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years	really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there .	yes my ultimate dream is to be a professional dancer	yes my ultimate dream is to be a professional dancer dad tending the farm and mom a strict teacher , anything artsy was always frowned upon !
ner-0610	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	yeah . planning to visit the big apple , eh ?	among other places . then , international travel .	traveling sounds fun . as for me , i have to relax with jazz .	i like oldies and the hot tub .	oldies are okay . the office is starting soon on tv . cant wait !	i am anxiously awaiting sunday for the walking dead	aww , so you like tv too . it is fun .	i do , i am a closet tv junkie	i enjoy tv . i snack on health foods . nothing sweet for me .	i love cookies and brownies .	do you have any hobbies ?	racquetball and trying new restaurants , you ?	racquetball and trying new restaurants , you ? mostly jazz and the office . new york is a crazy city .
ner-0611	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	i am good what do you like cook most . i love my bacon	i really like italian food . what do you do for a living ?	engineering , good job . ready for retirement . do you like camping ?	i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me .	i do too just not the bugs so much . why is that ?	i just never cared for them . i am more of a cat person .	i do not have pets right now .	i am your stereotypical 30 something single gal with her cats and her books . haha	lol i am not sure on the stereotypical part	do read a lot ? i love reading , i like classic romance novels the most .	i like true crime novels something about them	i like true crime novels something about them i have read a few true crime novels , i enjoyed them .
ner-0612	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	i am great . how is the weather ? not bad at all good day for an adventure , do you travel ?
ner-0613	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	i am working in an animal shelter . cleaning kennels is no fun .	i hear ya . i get dirty working in my garden .	the animals can actually be better company then most people i know though	true . i love my cat . she has a purple litter box .	does she make you happy ? i am crabby a lot of the time .	she does . she sits with me when i watch the buckeyes on tv .	i am happy listening to my favorite band , simple plan . do you have one ?	i like simple plan as well .	cool ! do you have a big family ?	no , it is just me . been busy as of late .	no , it is just me . been busy as of late . i see . i have a few but close to my boss niece .
ner-0614	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?
ner-0615	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds nice . do you go to craft shows ?	i sure do since i retired and what do you do ?	i like to write . i used to read .	do you have any books published ?	i wish . i spend too much time inside with my husband to publish anything .	i wish . i spend too much time inside with my husband to publish anything . do you have kids ?
ner-0616	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day ?	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day ?	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	yeah ? a bit of a fashionista ?	definitely . i just love fashion , and i love clothes shopping . what about you ?	i am not one for clothes . i sit around in sweats to write .	i see . you are a writer , then ?	yes . short pieces , no novels here . what about yourself ?	i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though .	i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though . stick with it or you will have to run away with the circus like me ! ! lol
ner-0617	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?	i train dogs for a living . i love helping them be the best dog they can be	that is great . i am more of a wondering singer . folk songs are my favorite .	i need to get some folk tune in my obedience school .	i could teach you some . do you worry about the environment ?	of course i do . i like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth	of course i do . i like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth just thinking of all of those green house gases makes me feel like i cant breathe .
ner-0618	hello , how are you today ?	i am great how are you doing ? !	i am great how are you doing ? ! hello , how are you today ?
ner-0619	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner	do you need a painter there because i paint when i have free time	no i do not like music ?	well i certainly do , taylor swift is my favorite	cool , i am normally irritating or irritable	nice , i work with a lot of irritating people at the grocery store	i bet an customers , i like the boss niece smh	yeah diffidently , so tell me more interesting things about yourself	i do not have much to say well do you like bands ?	no i hate music and you are boring me	no i hate music and you are boring me so ? you been boring to me based of how slow you type anyway
ner-0620	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport ?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i love football . what is your favorite sport . i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .
ner-0621	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital . i have been a nurse at this hospital for 35 years so not too exciting
ner-0622	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat ? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more , i walk my dogs every day .	i work a lot . what do you do for work ? i drive a forklift .	that is cool , i work on the mountains . do you have pets ?	yes i do have pets . i have 8 dogs , 7 cats and 17 birds .	that is a lot ! i have 3 cats and 2 dogs .	i want to get tanked soon .	do you go to school ? my parents are teachers .	i like to study at home .	i like to study at home . fair enough , what is your favourite music ?
ner-0623	hi . just checking out my new blue hair in the mirror . whats up ?	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	hi . just checking out my new blue hair in the mirror . whats up ?	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too ! fun ! i would probably like her . california all the way baby . where are you from ?
ner-0624	hi how are you tonight ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ?	doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ? hi how are you tonight ?
ner-0625	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live .	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live . since you hate your job and it pays poorly , why not get another ?
ner-0626	hi how are you today	tired , but good . where are u at	hi how are you today	tired , but good . where are u at	i am at my farm and u	i am in the arctic . i was a geology teacher in arizona but the ice called me	did you drive there or swim	haha i flew . . . on a plane . i am looking for lost explorers , hoping to return them thome	that is very kind of you	are u kind ? or someone i need to look out for	ha ! you should ask my 7 kids	ha ! you should ask my 7 kids wow . i am childless , but love to teach my nephews to hunt for polar bears
ner-0627	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi how are you today ? hi . i am good , and you ?
ner-0628	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	ever go to walmart at 2am because the boys ate the last oreo	hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years .	i crunch numbers like i like my bacon	good way to crunch numbers and bacon .	yeah i work it off by hiking on weekends with the dog	my kindergarten kids keep me busy .	i am traveling to tennessee next week to visit family	enjoy your visit and safe travels .	luckily my civic gets great mileage	with gas prices like they are we all need cars with great mileage .	coming from the top of ohio u are not joking	did you go to college ? i went to university of mississippi .	i went to alabama state	i went to alabama state studied environmentalist as my major .
ner-0629	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	what do you do for fun ? like music ?	i lay here and look at the paint peal	i lay here and look at the paint peal boo ! sounds hard ! tell me about you ?
ner-0630	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	i am great . i just got back from the club .	this is my favorite time of the year season wise	i would rather eat chocolate cake during this season .	what club did you go to ? me an timothy watched tv	i went to club chino . what show are you watching ?	lol oh okay kind of random	lol oh okay kind of random do you live in a house or apartment ?
ner-0631	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	oh okay ! i move around alot and hand make things that i sell online .	i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool .	a military man . my ex was a marine .	yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .	no , its ok i probably got the colorblind gene from her . plus my dad was great .	awww . was ? has he pass ? i am sorry i did not get your name ?	yes a few years ago . my name is jordan .	yes a few years ago . my name is jordan . okay . nice to meet you jordan . kid ? married or just happy ?
ner-0632	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live ? i am from edris island .	i have a grown daughter and two grand kids . i live in jersey .	my sister lives with me . i also have a dog .	i also like to enjoy caring for people that is cool .	it is ! what do you look like ?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is your sister ?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is your sister ? she is really great . she is an older sister . i am very young .
ner-0633	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ? hi how are you today ?
ner-0634	hi , how are you ? i am great !	hi , i am good . how is life ?	hi , how are you ? i am great !	hi , i am good . how is life ?	hi , i am good . how is life ? life is good . i restore cars to pristine shape and i rent out properties .
ner-0635	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	yuck indeed i despise bugs	me too ! they just make me want to scream and run . fast !	do you have any children ?	yes . four . they eat all of the bacon in the house , makes me sad . you ?	i eat my own bacon i keep them under control	too funny . i will have to learn your tricks . do you have a favorite food ?	i do not do you have a favorite color ?	anything but bug green . you must have a favorite .	blue is my favorite so i guess blue food	you are funny . listening to bach , eating bacon , without bugs . ideal !	do you like to read books ?	love them . romantic suspense is my favorite genre . do you like reading ?	love them . romantic suspense is my favorite genre . do you like reading ? i like mysteries a whole bunch yeah
ner-0636	hi ! my name is lucy !	good evening lucy , i am rayne . i hope you are doing well .	hi ! my name is lucy !	good evening lucy , i am rayne . i hope you are doing well .	i am ! what do you do for a living rayne ?	i am a wedding planner , i just graduated from college .	i just graduated last year ! from college , i am a secretary now	that is great ! i was just watching some tv , sports , i love them .	i do not pay much attention to sports , unless you consider eating candy a sport lol	lol , i have been playing sports all through elementary and high school .	i was not even good at sports then , i am more of a couch potato	i have to say i favor soccer . what do you enjoy doing ?	i like to watch tv and relax on the couch mostly . soccer seems exciting	sounds great . yes it can be . do you have any pets ? i have frogs .	i have a couple of cats , frogs are a unique pet are they not ?	i have a couple of cats , frogs are a unique pet are they not ? what kinds of cats do you have ? i have three ragdoll cats .
ner-0637	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	my name is tammi . but i do not work	oh okay . well , what do you like to do for fun ?	i like music a lot . especially country	awesome ! i am into music , too . it is my job !	so do you know anyone famous ?	quite a few people , actually . i am sort of famous myself .	wow . can i have your autograph ?	sure ! you like to party ? i sure do !	sure ! you like to party ? i sure do ! i can not get around well . i am in a wheel chair . but i try
ner-0638	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	i love restaurants with bbq , they are a lot of fun .	my poor toes are so webbed	really ? afterwards , i go and play racquetball to loose some calories .	cool i like to paint	cool i like to paint what do you do as a profession ? i work as administrative assistant
ner-0639	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am good . just sitting here with my sister and mom and dad . the 4 of us .	i am good . just sitting here with my sister and mom and dad . the 4 of us . hello , how are you doing tonight ?
ner-0640	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner . hello , how are you today ?
ner-0641	hi how are you doing tonight i am good so far .	i am good . relaxing with a glass of scotch to end the night .	hi how are you doing tonight i am good so far .	i am good . relaxing with a glass of scotch to end the night .	that is nice and relaxing i love to get a good workout .	yes . i have been busy working on a new short story to release .	that sounds very interesting hope all is good for you .	yeah . what kind of movies are you interested in ?	i like to watch romance and some scary movies is okay for me .	i like to watch romance and some scary movies is okay for me . i like to watch dark superhero movies .
ner-0642	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ? just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .
ner-0643	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	no i have not , it is hard to even breath what do you do for fun ? like music ?
ner-0644	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ? to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?
ner-0645	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	i am in my last year of high school and ready for college !	good luck ! what are you going to go for ?	the medical field , probably a doctor .	the medical field , probably a doctor . very cool . i am a morning person , i sell crafts at the farmers market .
ner-0646	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you ?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can .	great ! i used to play tennis before i became a baby boomer .	i spend my spare time trying out barbeque restaurants .	get out ! i man the bbq smoker in our home ! you a military person ?	i did six years in the navy .	thank you for serving sir ! i married a military but he died .	i am sorry to hear that . how did he die ?	do not be sorry . he had a stroke during sex . however , it was not with me . so . . .	do not be sorry . he had a stroke during sex . however , it was not with me . so . . . ah . unfortunate . i am sorry to hear that .
ner-0647	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah , i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it ! is six four two twenty tall and big ?	yes , too big for soccer , which is my favorite sport !	yes , too big for soccer , which is my favorite sport ! i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write ?
ner-0648	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	i like to get to know new people	i know plenty in high school i am 17 .	autumn is my favorite time of the year	nice ! this is my senior year in school , so i am enjoying fall .	that is great . i like to play ultimate frisbee	that took a while . i was going through my new clothes .	my parents do not live with me and i am sad .	taking you a while . do you play frisbee with your dog ?	they moved to bora bora last week	they moved to bora bora last week why did not you go with them ?
ner-0649	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	up too early , but that is the best time for surfing .	same , i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to ?	i am checking my email , to see if anyone has booked me for a photo shoot .	are you a fashion model ?	i am , and an actress . i am moving to nyc in the spring to further my career .	that sounds awesome , i am too short to be one at five foot .	that is hard . my bonus mom is the same height .	i am part of a noise band , we are hoping to play in vegas	nice ! i am in cali , i have a show in vegas this weekend .	what kind of show do you have ?	a fashion show at the police softball tournament , it is for charity , .	a fashion show at the police softball tournament , it is for charity , . that sounds cool . how did you get involved there ?
ner-0650	hi want to get know each other ?	hello , be my friend ? i do not have many	hello , be my friend ? i do not have many hi want to get know each other ?
ner-0651	good morning ! where are you from ?	from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised .	good morning ! where are you from ?	from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised .	ah , good old texas ! best barbecue i ever had in my life was in texas .	do you like horses ? i love working with horses .	i have never tried but i am retiring in 5 years so maybe i will .	i have never tried but i am retiring in 5 years so maybe i will . what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver .
ner-0652	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring
ner-0653	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes . i like playing final fantasy .
ner-0654	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic . yeah it is . what is your nationality ?
ner-0655	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	are you interested with diet supplement hi , want to get to know each other ?
ner-0656	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hello , i am reading a novel . hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy
ner-0657	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	3 and a wife but she is at work	oh cool . no kids for me	oh i am sorry . do you like poker ? i am always playing that online	i have not really played before .	i have not really played before . oh its fun once you get the hang of it what do you do for work ?
ner-0658	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	like mermaids . because i am one .	oh wow i did not think those were real . learn something new everyday	true ! what do you do for fun ?	i paint portraits , animals , and landscapes . what do you do for fun	the usual exploring with my friends sea creatures and swimming around .	that sounds like fun . where do you live ? i live in new york city	new york seems nice . i live underwater in the mediterranean sea	new york seems nice . i live underwater in the mediterranean sea wow it must be beautiful there . what kind of friends do you have
ner-0659	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden . hey , how is the weather out there ?
ner-0660	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed . what happened to your first wife ?
ner-0661	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass
ner-0662	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	yes , but i am a bit dramatic . sometimes i use an english accent for fun .	my mother use to have an english accent she left when i was 5	i have a sad story , i lost 3 spouses . still married to the fourth , though .	i am in the army . i joined right after high school .	i cut hair of dogs in a creative way .	i like to go to the karaoke bars	i like artifacts from the civil war . any hobbies for you ?	i like to draw and create art	i like to draw and create art how creative . my current wife is an artist .
ner-0663	hi there ! how are you ?	i am ok , a little tired from school . how are you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am ok , a little tired from school . how are you ?	tired as well . i am a nurse . what do you study ?	tired as well . i am a nurse . what do you study ? cutting their hair used to be a kind of hobby . do you have any hobbies ?
ner-0664	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything cool . where did you buy a house at
ner-0665	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	how are you doing tonight ?	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 .	oh nice ! do you have any pets ?	yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ?	i have a dog also and two cats they get along good though .	cool . i live in texas . i have never been to another state . how about you ?	i live in texas also and yes i have traveled to about 15 states .	oh , wow . that is a lot of travelling ! do you do it for fun ?	mostly work . i write my own cookbooks and travel to different areas to try food .	mostly work . i write my own cookbooks and travel to different areas to try food . that is so awesome ! i like to eat .
ner-0666	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	i remember running . used to be great exercise .	yeah . as a musician i try to stay in shape for my image	i used to play the guitar back in my day . what do you play ?	i also play the guitar . i sing as well	what kind of music ? good old country western ?	actually yes . who is your favorite band ?	little big town . who do you like ?	little big town . who do you like ? i love nirvana a lot
ner-0667	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ? i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .
ner-0668	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh , where do you live ?	right now in ohio . originally from california . and you ?	originally nc . now i am in ny .	do you like to go surfing ? i do .	i have never been surfing .	you should try it . i skate as well . what are your hobbies ?	i really like to sing .	wow . i do too ! but my voice is not good .	do you have any kids ?	i do not have any yet . how about you ?	i do not have any yet . how about you ? no . i do not think i want any .
ner-0669	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job .	that will help ! do you have any allergies ?	nope , i am not allergic to anything ! you ?	shell fish will be the death of me . do you have any hobbies ?	i love doing anything outside , especially in the snow ! what about you ?	i restore cars and hunt its the best ! !	those are pretty cool hobbies ! do you have any siblings ?	not that i know of ! laugh out loud what about you ?	not that i know of ! laugh out loud what about you ? yeah , i have two younger brothers !
ner-0670	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer . hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?
ner-0671	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	hello . i am well . how are you ?	i am good . how is the weather ?	it is rainy and humid here in pennsylvania .	that is no fun . do you like music ?	i love music ; reggae is my favorite genre .	i love music ; reggae is my favorite genre . that is an interesting genre
ner-0672	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	i sell hamburgers and fries .	do you work full time ? are you also a student ?	i am full time . i am thinking about finishing school .	getting a degree is a good idea .	i thought it would help me get a better job .	do you know what you want to go to school for or do after ?	i am thinking about being a nurse . my aunt works in a hospital , and likes it .	i am thinking about being a nurse . my aunt works in a hospital , and likes it . that is interesting . i went to school for engineering but do not work in it .
ner-0673	hi there how are you doing ?	good . i just got back from london !	hi there how are you doing ?	good . i just got back from london !	oh how fun . business or pleasure ? ?	well , i travel for pleasure !	that is awesome do you own guns i do for hunting ?	no , but i work in advertising	i bet that is interesting . are you close with family ?	also , i have had the same best friend for 20 years .	i am very close with mine they live right down the street	i am close with my family , yeah !	what a mess this country is in	why do you say that ?	just seems d . c . can not get things together and then you have hollywood .	i think hollywood is a mess !	very true there . need more church goers or something lol	i do not think church would help these people lol	lol maybe not , a beer .	i think beers would work	do you have any pets ?	no , i do not . do you ?	naw i am not home enough would like to have a cat but in law allergic .	naw i am not home enough would like to have a cat but in law allergic . i am allergic as well !
ner-0674	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	pretty good what is your favorite color ?	pretty good what is your favorite color ? i love black , blue , red , gold , golden rose .
ner-0675	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer .	how about music ? my favorite is jazz .	i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz ?	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon .	very cool ! do you like sweets ? i cannot stand them .	i do . i really just run so i can eat what ever i like .	well that is not a bad plan at all !	what do you do for work ?	i am an accountant . how about you ?	i am an accountant . how about you ? i work as an administrative assistant .
ner-0676	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	nice , where do you work ? i do mostly sales	i am a criminal defense lawyer .	nice , well do you have a hobby on the side ? i love graphic design	i do photography and paint a little .	i love painting and i listen to rush my favorite band while painting	do you have any pets ? i have two pups .	no i have a lot of friends though , i was at a friends house the other day	i am in oklahoma , where are you located ?	i am here in new york city	i have visited several times , i prefer hawaii	ets go together then ? why not	sorry , no . i only date those in my profession .	sorry , no . i only date those in my profession . whoa i guess that means your a classy lady then huh , i usually date whoever
ner-0677	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music ? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them ?	no i have not . what genre are they ?	no i have not . what genre are they ? metal , they are german . do not let the name fool you , they are good .
ner-0678	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?
ner-0679	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	i have issues with my leg , i do not know how much longer i can work .	sorry to hear . do you collect ? i do . my favorite is civil war antiques .	i do not , unless you count horses and opinions .	i do not , unless you count horses and opinions . that is funny . i sometimes fake a british accent to be funny and attractive .
ner-0680	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?
ner-0681	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	if you know anyone who is looking , let me know ! what do you do ?	i absolutely will , and are you asking about hobbies or my career ?	either or . i have young kids , i am used to running sentences together , lol	freelance work for now . practicing jujitsu to maybe teach one day !	is it jujitsu hard on your joints ?	i am just starting out so it can be . strengthening them is important , though	i am just starting out so it can be . strengthening them is important , though i would guess . how old are you ? 34 here .
ner-0682	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	that is cool . does she enjoy being apart of the army ?	not really . we are anti war peaceniks . i sing folk protest songs	awe i am sorry to hear that . i am sure i would enjoy the songs though	yeah i am kind of anti consumer , make my own clothes , adopt stray cats . you ?	i am an animal care tech so i foster lots of animals . adopted two cats .	do you have any hobbies ?	yes , i enjoy swimming , poker , and watching movies . what do you enjoy ?	building guitars . i also like tinkering with electric guitar electronics	building guitars . i also like tinkering with electric guitar electronics that sounds very interesting . i am not that talented at all to be able to do that
ner-0683	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still i am never still with two boys in the house
ner-0684	hello , how are you today ? i just got in from riding my horse .	i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost	hello , how are you today ? i just got in from riding my horse .	i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost	i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost that sounds interesting . i love reading books on the beach .
ner-0685	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	i will try whatever candy you have	i love candy ! ! ! it is the best ! and brownies .	i am a health nut . i hike on the regular .	i take my obedience dogs hiking ! i have mountains behind my new house .	we could hike and eat candy and brownies .	sorry ! was taking pictures of myself in my new club dress ! yes ! ! lets do it .	can i draw you ? i am trying to learn	only if i can hang it in my obedience school !	only if i can hang it in my obedience school ! of course , whatever you want .
ner-0686	howdy how are you doing this monday night in october ?	doing well . just got my 2 kids into bed . they are in kindergarten .	howdy how are you doing this monday night in october ?	doing well . just got my 2 kids into bed . they are in kindergarten .	that is cool i always wanted a huge huge family .	we did too but working in real estate for 12 years sucked up a lot of time .	oh yes understand i am a married mom of 1 child .	right on . i went to u . miss . where did you go ?	i switched my laptop and keep forgetting it is not a touch screen .	lol . i have been saving my pennies for a touch screen .	yes expensive some my husband is running his own employment .	cool . i am 34 . how old are you ?	i am old school i am 50 years old half of 100 .	i am old school i am 50 years old half of 100 . oh , you are not that old .
ner-0687	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ? that would be great , how many do you have ?
ner-0688	hi there , i am a starting model living like a pauper in new york !	my wife is a model , but we do pretty well . are you married ?	hi there , i am a starting model living like a pauper in new york !	my wife is a model , but we do pretty well . are you married ?	single here , and no kids for me , they would ruin my figure .	we adopted because my wife was afraid of that , but i love my 2 kids !	i plan to act and sing , i need a pretty face and knock out figure .	i like to cook to much to worry about my figure ! do you like food ?	awesome , i love food , my parents are organic farmers .	hmm . . you sound like a liberal .	i am a libertarian , i like to make my own decisions ,	i am proud to say i voted for trump . do you like him ?	he is ok , a bit of a temper at times but he is better than the alternatives .	he is ok , a bit of a temper at times but he is better than the alternatives . i think he is great , but most of the other teachers where i work disagree .
ner-0689	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands
ner-0690	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	pretty tired . teaching all day will do that to you .	pretty tired . teaching all day will do that to you . i bet ! my children are grown . i have 3 and 6 grandchildren .
ner-0691	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .
ner-0692	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i am hungry how about you ? i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .
ner-0693	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	wow , that sounds exciting .	it is a good way to unwind .	do you have any pets ?	a dog and 2 cute kitties how about you ?	a dog and 2 cute kitties how about you ? i have a very sassy siamese cat named ni hao
ner-0694	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?	my name is ken ! how are you ?	nice to meet you . i am well , and you ?	i am just excited for a conversation ! how old are you ?	likewise ! i am 21 . i am in college studying law . i have two more years to go .	wow that sounds exciting ! where are you studying , berkley ?	yes , how did you know ? !	i have read a bunch about the school . i hope to go their one day to study .	it is awesome . do you have any siblings ? i do not .	i have six younger sisters . which is a lot considering i am in the eighth grade .	i have six younger sisters . which is a lot considering i am in the eighth grade . wow , that is a lot of sisters !
ner-0695	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	oh that is sounds exciting . i am studying to be a marine biologist	i enjoy riding my bike with my 2 dogs	oh that is cool . wanna go to a party ?	that is great , all 3 of my grandchildren are adults now	that is great , all 3 of my grandchildren are adults now oh damn you must be super old
ner-0696	howdy . what is your favorite form of entertainment ?	hello , i sing , cook and write books for entertainment .	howdy . what is your favorite form of entertainment ?	hello , i sing , cook and write books for entertainment .	wow . you seem really talented . i am learning jujitsu .	i am . my dad hates my books and i hate his cats .	haha . well you cannot have everything . cats are cooler than dogs though .	you think ? i need a new job . this one has been dead for years . you work ?	what line of work are you in currently ? yes , i am a cook .	i am my dads rn . eating onions makes me feel better . you work ?	i am a cook . but i run for stress relief . onions have a lot of c .	i am a cook . but i run for stress relief . onions have a lot of c . chef ? you know some people cook and eat dogs ? really .
ner-0697	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ? i do not but i have 3 adult kids
ner-0698	good evening , i have a nice glass of scotch here , it has been a long day .	usually after a long day , i prefer a nice glass of wine .	good evening , i have a nice glass of scotch here , it has been a long day .	usually after a long day , i prefer a nice glass of wine .	scotch is my drink . helps keep the evil dogs away , they scare me .	i guess it is a lot stronger .	well , i was a carnie back in the day .	a carnie ? not sure what that is . i am at home a lot . even for school	yes . that is what those of us who do carnival work are called .	yes . that is what those of us who do carnival work are called . do you like it ? do you get to dress up ?
ner-0699	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46 sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know
ner-0700	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do you go to school there ? i am studying to be a marine biologist .	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did you grow up near there ?	yes , where are you from ?	yes , where are you from ? i live in england now , but i spent my childhood in the usa .
ner-0701	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hi there i teach biology college i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten
ner-0702	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i am not sure who that is , my favorite media is the movie titanic .	he is a country star , ice tea and chilling on the porch	do you have a family ?	yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon	yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon having a kid is a big step up from having only ginger my golden retriever .
ner-0703	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	i finished my bachelor degree . nice ! how long did it take you ?
ner-0704	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?	i think my youngest son said he wanted pizza	i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions ?	no we take turns it was his turn tonight .	that is lucky for him .	yeah but we all like pizza so everyone is happy .	well that is nice that you all get along .	yeah . what do you do for a living	well , i ride show horses , but i am hoping to retire soon , you ?	i work as a carpenter and play poker for fun	i work as a carpenter and play poker for fun that sounds fun ! i have not played poker .
ner-0705	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends ! how are you doing today ?
ner-0706	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello good i start my first in college next year hello how are you this evening ?
ner-0707	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	just got in from the karaoke bar . it was necessary to de stress .	that is a good way to de stress . i usually just grade papers	are you sure you aren t taking it out on the students when you do that ?	hard to be bias when grading multiple choice with a definitive answer	true . what are you teaching these days ?	i teach a kindergarten class in seattle	that must be fun , but also a lot .	it is difficult but it is my passion . passion has trouble paying the bills though	wish , i could help . the struggle is real , and as a vet i live it too .	you are a vet ? i think my cat is getting sick .	not that vet . that s one job i wouldn , t be able to do .	oh you are a veteran ?	i m also not friends with dogs . though i like cats . dogs just make me sick .	i m also not friends with dogs . though i like cats . dogs just make me sick . are you allergic to dogs ?
ner-0708	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i hate my weight from my three kids hey , how are you today ?
ner-0709	hello , how are you ? my cats and dog are fine .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . .	hello , how are you ? my cats and dog are fine .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . . i do not have kids either , i have a diet company .
ner-0710	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ? hi , how are you tonight ?
ner-0711	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	i am in the hospital with stitches in my cornea	i am in the hospital with stitches in my cornea so sorry to hear that . reminds me of a horror movie i just watched
ner-0712	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	i like to read . plays mostly wow , that sounds exciting .
ner-0713	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3	it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time	i used to play poker every night in new york !	poker is great ! i play a little after i sing at one of the clubs	i still like it . how long have you been in the city ?	about a year . i moved hear to pursue my dream of acting	what kind of work do you do in the mean time ?	i model runway and some catalog	i model runway and some catalog single model with a passion for singing . sounds like you picked the right city !
ner-0714	how are you i play music for a living	i love music ! i also love horses	how are you i play music for a living	i love music ! i also love horses	i like riding horses . i love to go running also	i do not . i would get sweaty	its good for your health . i love the band nirvana they are my favorite	i listen to pop music	my dad used to be a police officer	my dad owns a car dealership across town	cool do you get free cars ?	no but i get a discount	no but i get a discount cool . do you like movies ?
ner-0715	hi there , how are you ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hey i am good how about yourself hi there , how are you ?
ner-0716	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym . oh neat ! how motivating . i just got back from a wedding
ner-0717	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	hello , how are you today	hello , how are you today i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?
ner-0718	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	how are you doing tonight ?	how are you doing tonight ? i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?
ner-0719	hi there . how are you	hi i am great , how are you ?	hi there . how are you	hi i am great , how are you ?	i am good . just finished my paranormal romance book	was it scary , thrilling and interesting ?	all of the above . that is why i love them	i love romantic and humorous books , i have not tried paranormal .	the paranormal are just awesome . but i am also a medium .	ok the genre makes sense now . how long have you been a medium ?	about ten years . but looking back , a lot longer . just did not realize it	wow that is so amazing , what is your favorite hobby ?	trying to get space from my sisters . lol . even grown ya cant shake em	trying to get space from my sisters . lol . even grown ya cant shake em lol have you ever done a reading for them or yourself ?
ner-0720	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself ?	hi there . how are you doing	hi there . how are you doing i am well thank you and yourself ?
ner-0721	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too . hey how are you doing this evening ?
ner-0722	hi how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ?	hi how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ? i am doing great , what is your favorite hobby ?
ner-0723	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny , do you read drama like me ?	i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ?	i an a doctor for animals	i an a doctor for animals i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .
ner-0724	hi ! are you a robot ? i like robots .	hi ! no i am not . i actually just finished my education to be a registered nurse .	hi ! are you a robot ? i like robots .	hi ! no i am not . i actually just finished my education to be a registered nurse .	robbie robot , my best friend , plays with me in california . are you a nurse there ?	no , i will actually be getting my first job as a nurse soon . i cannot wait !	i am a teenager and my mom teaches me at home .	ah , so you probably like shopping for clothes like i do ?	no . tell me something weird about yourself .	even at my age , i am not married . single is my status .	oh , wow . guess what ? i have blue hair ! ! !	that is cool ! my hair is brown .	i thought my mom would mind , but she does not .	well that is good . what color is her hair ?	blonde . she calls me her little smurf ! do you have a nickname ?	that is too funny ! no , i do not .	that is too funny ! no , i do not . well , i hope you become a nurse . try dyeing your hair !
ner-0725	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	good just listening to metallica with 2 my brothers	i actually like to listen to them while hiking . what do you do for fun ?	i do you like hiking in the cold or snow ? i love them both	i am from ohio so its usually pretty cold . i do not mind it	same here i am from wisconsin	cool . i drove there once in my honda .	nice what do you do ? i am a managerial consultant	i am an accountant . i am looking for a new job . are you hiring ?	not at the moment where would you want to go ?	not at the moment where would you want to go ? i would like to stay in ohio so my boys can stay at the same school
ner-0726	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?	yes do care giver not too bad	yes do care giver not too bad what do you like to do for fun ?
ner-0727	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	i like jane the virgin nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv
ner-0728	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live .	since you hate your job and it pays poorly , why not get another ?	i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first !	i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first ! that is very ambitious . did you do a double major in college ?
ner-0729	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	i am great . how is the weather ? hi , there how are you today ?
ner-0730	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch . hey there how are you today ?
ner-0731	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i love creating kids pop up books .	i love creating kids pop up books . sounds like a lot of fun , i enjoy web design , the coding part of it .
ner-0732	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2 hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .
ner-0733	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories .	i am a expert in skating yes i know l . o . l sorry for the slowness .	no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher .	so cool sounds like your parents are nice , i can not eat chips .	really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol .	love is something but a gift right . you still love .	love is something but a gift right . you still love . yeah . it is hard to forget him even though we are divorced .
ner-0734	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .	yes i have that movie and watched it more then 11 times .	hmmm . really ? i met alot of foreign exchanged student studying abroad .	oh really hope they were nice people that is what counts .	oh really hope they were nice people that is what counts . they were . california is on fire !
ner-0735	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college oh , i still have that issue with student loans and i am married .
ner-0736	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish ? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals , like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ?	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ? oh , so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .
ner-0737	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	i am in my last year of high school and ready for college !	good luck ! what are you going to go for ?	the medical field , probably a doctor .	the medical field , probably a doctor . very cool . i am a morning person , i sell crafts at the farmers market .
ner-0738	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?	i train dogs for a living . i love helping them be the best dog they can be	that is great . i am more of a wondering singer . folk songs are my favorite .	i need to get some folk tune in my obedience school .	i could teach you some . do you worry about the environment ?	of course i do . i like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth	of course i do . i like to dance , eat sweets , and save the earth just thinking of all of those green house gases makes me feel like i cant breathe .
ner-0739	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	lol . i write novels , mainly romance . my cats always make an appearance .	interesting , how does it pay ?	it pays for the extra . my husband is a detective .	it pays for the extra . my husband is a detective . maybe i should try that , seattle is not cheap for kindergarten teachers
ner-0740	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty . bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .
ner-0741	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	nothing really are you religious ?	nothing really are you religious ? no , not at all . spiritual maybe , but not much else . what about you ?
ner-0742	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	no i have not , it is hard to even breath what do you do for fun ? like music ?
ner-0743	hi ! are you a robot ? i like robots .	hi ! no i am not . i actually just finished my education to be a registered nurse .	hi ! no i am not . i actually just finished my education to be a registered nurse . hi ! are you a robot ? i like robots .
ner-0744	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres . oh ok well than good thing that have you .
ner-0745	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it bummer for sure i love to find lost arctic things
ner-0746	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	great ! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think ? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .	i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny .	get out ! i do my hair too ! i like camping with friends . you ?	i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool .	great ! i like hiking in mountains with no lions . you sing ?	great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely .	yes i do . i do moms hair all the time . you happy ?	not really happy but we have to hang in there and do our best .	not really happy but we have to hang in there and do our best . right ! my dad says you have to define happy to be happy . you agree ?
ner-0747	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher that is awesome . i have never seen them though
ner-0748	hello , how are you today ?	i am good but missing my parents on the 2 year anniversary of their death	hello , how are you today ?	i am good but missing my parents on the 2 year anniversary of their death	i am good but missing my parents on the 2 year anniversary of their death oh dear , i am so sorry to hear that .
ner-0749	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	great and how was your day ? hi , how has your day been ?
ner-0750	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	good . just eating some pizza on my night off . cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .
ner-0751	i just came back from shopping at the mall .	oh cool , i be online a lot	i just came back from shopping at the mall .	oh cool , i be online a lot	i am celebrating ! i bought myself a gift !	what you bought if i may ask	i love buying clothes ! ! of course i got some shoes .	what type of shoes ? heels or flats ?	i like both ! i bought some heels today and some boots .	oh cool , how old are you	i am 30 . how old are you ?	i am 28 years old	do you have any siblings ?	yes i have 4 little sisters	yes i have 4 little sisters i get along with my sister real well .
ner-0752	hey there ! tell me about yourself ?	well i am a nurse for the elderly , what do you do ?	hey there ! tell me about yourself ?	well i am a nurse for the elderly , what do you do ?	that is great of you ! i am in school studying to be a teacher .	what a noble profession . good for you . my son wants to teach	thank you ! how old is your son ? i am 22 .	much older than that ! i have 6 grandkids !	oh wow ! so i bet you do not have a passion for rap music like i do .	you might be surprised . all these kids keep be young	haha , that is good ! does that mean you are active and play sports like me ?	i have a bicycle . but i am not out playing football	i have a bicycle . but i am not out playing football oh , i can understand that . i should go , my friends are coming over .
ner-0753	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	i am from maine , where the colors are beautiful this time of year . and you ?	i am from california , but moving to new york for a job next year	what is your job ?	i work as a model and actress , but i am not a good singer ! you ?	i do not work . i play sports and take care of my turtle .	awesome ! what kind ? i am a surfer and skater .	excellent ! i like ultimate frisbee . you will miss surfing in california when you move .	yes it will be sad , but lots of great places to skate ther .	what kind of skating ? ice ? inline ?	i prefer inline , but also like longboard . what is the name of your turtle ?	timothy . timothy the turtle . do you have any pets ?	timothy . timothy the turtle . do you have any pets ? i do not . i am always on the go !
ner-0754	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	how far did you run ? i like weights	i ran 5 miles . how much weight can you lift ?	i can lift about 350	that is incredible . what else do you like to do ?	i love to eat a lot , especially meat .	oh my . i dislike meat and i think it is cruel to eat animals .	how about yourself ? i work in the hospital as a doctor .	i am a doctor as well . i work with children . what is your specialty ?	i work with people in the heart	what made you want to work in cardiology ?	body building an my mom	body building an my mom does you mom have heart problems then ?
ner-0755	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ? right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .
ner-0756	hi there . how are you today ?	just fine enjoying cool weather as i walked a mile today .	hi there . how are you today ?	just fine enjoying cool weather as i walked a mile today .	what type of music do you like , eh ?	i like listening to country music while i make quilts for my family .	i like listening to country music while i make quilts for my family . i enjoy country music also ! where are you from ? i am from canada
ner-0757	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	lol . i write novels , mainly romance . my cats always make an appearance .	interesting , how does it pay ?	it pays for the extra . my husband is a detective .	maybe i should try that , seattle is not cheap for kindergarten teachers	i live on an island in the caribbean . it suits us .	cool , i have a college friend who worked in the caribbean one summer	it is a different world here , i would not change it for anything .	that would be nice , ramen gets tiresome after day four	i have never ate it . what is it ?	deep fried , prepackaged noodles that are ten cents a package	deep fried , prepackaged noodles that are ten cents a package i have never heard of those . we mainly eat fruit and chicken .
ner-0758	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?
ner-0759	hello there tell me about yourself	hi i am well trying to stay up you	hello there tell me about yourself	hi i am well trying to stay up you	same here trying to travel more . i never left this state	why ? you gotta get out . got kids ?	i sure do have to get out more and i have two kids	if no kids like me i have 2 with my husband go travel now	i want to go somewhere with theme parks . i love the thrill of rollercoasters	i do too , i have not any this year	what do you like to do for fun ? i like tae kwan do	i like to run or read an old cars	i like to run or read an old cars wow that is amazing . my father taught classes on tae kwan do , so i took to it
ner-0760	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	i looked like a robot with the tail i has as a baby	wow a tail ? did you grow it ?	i had it cut off when i was a baby	i had it cut off when i was a baby that is interesting what do you do now ?
ner-0761	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	i am doing great , where are you from ?	i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school .	were you impacted from the storm or your dog obedience school ?	no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal !	that is fantastic and yes i love sweets , what is your favorite sweets ?	probably chocolate . what is your favorite hobby ? i like dancing at the club .	probably chocolate . what is your favorite hobby ? i like dancing at the club . i love dancing and singing at home lol .
ner-0762	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	i would love to ! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing , though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive !	charlie , my dog , just stole my dinner and ran off ! it was eggplant , my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .	wow ! get back here , charlie ! are you vegetarian ?	not fully but i do not eat meat that often .	not fully but i do not eat meat that often . i see . so your from australia ?
ner-0763	hey there big guy , how yah doing ?	i am good do you have facial hair ?	hey there big guy , how yah doing ?	i am good do you have facial hair ?	yeah , i have a pretty glorious beard . you ?	i do not but i love facial hair	oh well i think you would like my stache . what do you do for work ?	i ride my horses it is nice	they are beautiful , i like to restore cars for fun	nice are you retired yet ?	not quite , i work for a real estate company that deals in rentals . you work ?	not quite , i work for a real estate company that deals in rentals . you work ? yeah remember the horses ? i want to retire though
ner-0764	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking that is good . what is mills cooking ?
ner-0765	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	do you have any other pets	no , i am living in the dorms with my girlfriend . one pet limit	i see do you like to write ?	used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer	used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer what did you use to write
ner-0766	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi lucy . i am tammi . do you like pizza ?	yeah . what do you do for a living ?	i am a childrens nurse you ?	i am a secretary at an office .	do you enjoy that ? is it fun ?	i do ! i have not been out of college long .	i am glad . its important to like what you do . are you religous ?	yeah , i go to church often .	yeah , i go to church often . our church is a big part of my life . i am catholic
ner-0767	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	i am great , loving italian food now and forever !	going to walk my dog soon . do you have one ?	yeah , my dog and i like to sing in a choir	yeah , my dog and i like to sing in a choir my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids ?
ner-0768	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work how are you doing tonight ?
ner-0769	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago do you like it ?
ner-0770	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it . oh great ! my pediatric office loves to listen to jazz during work
ner-0771	hi . how is your night going ?	good just left a bluegrass concert	good just left a bluegrass concert hi . how is your night going ?
ner-0772	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	great , just eating my favorite cheese pizza . how are you ?	sounds good . i would not mind having some but i have to home make it .	sounds good . i would not mind having some but i have to home make it . my three dogs love to cheese pizza too
ner-0773	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure .	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure . yeah definitely . your family raided you to be pessimistic ?
ner-0774	hello , how are you tonight ?	i just finished feeding my little ones and they are ready for bed .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i just finished feeding my little ones and they are ready for bed .	how sweet ! i do not have kids .	awwww . . . . you would love mine ; though they are a hand full .	i doubt it , i do not like kids , nor do i want any .	so sorry to hear that ; you probably would make them smile .	not everyone likes kids , and that is okay .	everyone does not like everybody ; so i guess it is fair to say .	it is . what is your favorite show ?	i really do not have a favorite ; what is your favorite ?	i really do not have a favorite ; what is your favorite ? the office , followed by the walking dead .
ner-0775	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	my folks got me started on tea , why scotch ?	trying to come up with stories all day stresses me out .	are you a writer ? i work on sci fi !	yea , i write for a living , what do you do at your job ?	same here . sci fi mostly . writing about a snake today .	cool , but i am afraid of snakes , along with dogs and clowns .	me too . also spiders ! interesting that we have so much in common .	what do you like to do on your time off , i enjoy superhero movies like batman	i am more of a game of thrones type . but i have been to gencon .	what gencon are there dogs there ?	it is a gamer convention . got people but also batman too .	it is a gamer convention . got people but also batman too . that is cool , do they do cosplay ?
ner-0776	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ? hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?
ner-0777	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	me too . i can make up scarier characters , but not squish a spider	lol why not ? what is your fav color ?	navy blue , black , grey , white . where did you go to college ?	i went to u of i	oh mit alum . . . . how do you like those apples ?	my fav is blue an my truck i drive is blue	that is fascinating . what are the odds ?	i like that for you , got kids ? i have 7	nope , none at all . my characters are like my kids .	really ? how many is that ? i grew up farming loved it	i liked farming until my parents died on our farm two years ago .	i liked farming until my parents died on our farm two years ago . how did that happen ? sorry that happened to you
ner-0778	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym . good evening , how are you ?
ner-0779	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	pretty good do you have pets ?	no i actually do not like dogs i am afraid ot them	i do not like cats at all	i do not love animals at all i love babies lol	do you like music then	a lot music is my everything . i can not live without it .	what is your favorite bands ?	i do not like any band . i like singers who sings alone	i see . pink floyd is mine	i never have heard this song before .	you should look in to it then	i will . do you work ?	i do not officially ha . you ?	i do not officially ha . you ? i am looking for a job it is hard .
ner-0780	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup	is that like a hobby of yours ?	and hauls , and hose decor , and sewing	wow , sounds like you really like your videos , haha	yes it is , what about you ? what are your hobbies ?	well i really like to read , especially about traveling	right , i do when i get any free time that is what i do .	i am hoping to travel to europe eventually , so i consider it all research	that is informative , i also watch videos on the environment .	like protecting the environment , or national geographic type nature shows ?	that sounds nice , i do not like airplanes so i watch videos lol	that sounds nice , i do not like airplanes so i watch videos lol the plane is only a very small part
ner-0781	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	i am allergic to mangoes but how they are delicious well i eat alot
ner-0782	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	me too . i can make up scarier characters , but not squish a spider	lol why not ? what is your fav color ?	navy blue , black , grey , white . where did you go to college ?	i went to u of i	oh mit alum . . . . how do you like those apples ?	my fav is blue an my truck i drive is blue	my fav is blue an my truck i drive is blue that is fascinating . what are the odds ?
ner-0783	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk . nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?
ner-0784	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation	that is interesting . my job is much less exciting . i work a petsmart	oh so you get to see all those annoying animals	yeah but it just pays the bills so i can focus on my band .	what kind of music do you guys play ?	mostly rock , nirvana is a major influence on a lot of what we do .	mostly rock , nirvana is a major influence on a lot of what we do . i like them good music . i like metal but tends to feed my anger
ner-0785	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ? i am doing great today and you ?
ner-0786	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	i like that , did you go to college ?	no i just got my high school diploma and opened my owns shooting range	no i just got my high school diploma and opened my owns shooting range i went an got a computer science degree .
ner-0787	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	oh sweet i just got my kids to bed	i just put my little sister to bed too . how old are your kids ?	2 5 and 7 luckily i am a good cook	2 5 and 7 luckily i am a good cook i am a body builder so i am constantly eating .
ner-0788	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	i am doing great , where are you from ?	i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school .	were you impacted from the storm or your dog obedience school ?	no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal !	no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal ! that is fantastic and yes i love sweets , what is your favorite sweets ?
ner-0789	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	no i am not . where do you go to school	no i am not . where do you go to school by talking to me , you legally consent not to steal my info for tests . okay ?
ner-0790	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ? hi . how is your day going ?
ner-0791	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hello , i am just playing some online poker . i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .
ner-0792	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton	you are too young for the army better look elsewhere .	what type of job should i look at ?	websites are good for income , too . do you skate ?	i do ! i play ice hockey sometimes	i do ! i play ice hockey sometimes i skate on ice and on the roller rinks too .
ner-0793	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds nice . do you go to craft shows ?	i sure do since i retired and what do you do ?	i like to write . i used to read .	do you have any books published ?	i wish . i spend too much time inside with my husband to publish anything .	i wish . i spend too much time inside with my husband to publish anything . do you have kids ?
ner-0794	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	hi there ! where are you from ? mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?
ner-0795	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ? hello . how are you ? where are you from ?
ner-0796	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	great , what is your favorite color ?	green . what do you do for fun ?	green is my favorite too ! i collect teddy bears . you ?	kool ! i like to play fantasy video games .	like stuff where you are a medieval hero or something ?	just like that , i also build model spaceships in my free time .	just like that , i also build model spaceships in my free time . that is cool . do you have any zoos where you live ?
ner-0797	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too . goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding
ner-0798	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .
ner-0799	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is , this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .	nice , i am more reserved , i just found a stray cat and adopted it	that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it .	nice , what kind of music ?	rock . i like to be pumped up all the time .	i mostly like folk songs , my mother does not approve of rock	i have to make it big . i did not finish high school .	just join the army ? they make good money , my mom is an army nurse	i would rather make it big in music . it has always been my dream .	i would rather make it big in music . it has always been my dream . if it is folk music then i will listen to your music then
ner-0800	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now	sounds like you love animals ! i hope my volkswagen beetle does not break down .	that would suck ! whats your favorite car music ? mine is simple plan	i never heard of them . i am pretty young , 17 , but i love classical music .	interesting , i have been trying to date my boss niece who is the same age	is she in high school ? i am a senior at pine forest .	nope , she dropped out of school to work at the animal shelter	so she works with you ? that could be tricky .	she does , but she makes me so much less of a crabby person so it works	she does , but she makes me so much less of a crabby person so it works that is great ! i hope to find someone who brings out the best in me .
ner-0801	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	i like that , did you go to college ?	no i just got my high school diploma and opened my owns shooting range	i went an got a computer science degree .	wish i had continued school but i love what i do hunting , going to church , and driving	gotcha , i build spaceships , the models	o ok my family lives down from me and they build garages and farms	that is cool , my mom is a doctor	that is great in what area ?	medical , tell me what you do	medical , tell me what you do i run my own business
ner-0802	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	3 and a wife but she is at work	oh cool . no kids for me	oh i am sorry . do you like poker ? i am always playing that online	i have not really played before .	i have not really played before . oh its fun once you get the hang of it what do you do for work ?
ner-0803	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	yes . i also like film do you ? i like movies about history .
ner-0804	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic	now that i skateboard professionally , i have what i need right at home .	ever skated new york ? i am moving there next year .	yes ! are you looking forward to moving ? bring snacks . i like chips .	yes ! it is for a singing job , but i am not that good	yes ! it is for a singing job , but i am not that good playing bluegrass music is fun , we could jam one day .
ner-0805	hey , how is it going ?	hello , i am exhausted . how are you doing ?	hey , how is it going ?	hey , how is it going ? hello , i am exhausted . how are you doing ?
ner-0806	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	i really enjoy to read personally so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?
ner-0807	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! i would do that .	i just have to wait to be old enough . i am only 12	oh , i did not realize ! do you have a favorite food ? i like italian .	i like pizza . that is italian , right ?	i would say so but it originated in china i believe .	i would say so but it originated in china i believe . weird . well there is a good icecream shop by my tae kwan do class
ner-0808	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	you got a dog , charlie ?	i do he is pretty old tho do you have a pet ?	a bunch . i prefer animals to humans , to be honest	a bunch . i prefer animals to humans , to be honest me to most days . i have a specialized wheelchair
ner-0809	hello , are u a fun of politics ?	yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ?	hello , are u a fun of politics ?	hello , are u a fun of politics ? yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ?
ner-0810	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away . aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister
ner-0811	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	lol night here fine ! just taking a break you ?	i am just getting to it an i just got my nails finished	nice ! i am working just not at my job trying to finish a sci fi novel .	really ? what is your fav animal ? mine are horses	no animals here . or kids . or so , for that matter	lol or so ? i love the ocean an beach	significant other . the ocean is so calming . my book is based underwater !	really ? wow , need a new ride ?	no , i live in the city . graduated mit . no need for a car .	gotcha my dad has awesome cars there	nice ! do you have any phobias ? mine are spiders and snakes	no i really do not but night	no i really do not but night you are afraid of the night ?
ner-0812	hello , how are you today ? i just got in from riding my horse .	i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost	hello , how are you today ? i just got in from riding my horse .	i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost	i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost that sounds interesting . i love reading books on the beach .
ner-0813	hi how are you today ?	i am swell , how about yourself ?	hi how are you today ?	i am swell , how about yourself ?	i am concerned that we are destroying our environment with excessive flatulence .	oh my , that does seem like an issue	it really does i think we should start a movement ! down with gas !	i cook vegan stuff , so i fart a lot sadly	ohh a few eggs and you would be weaponized	eggs are not vegan lol . but i am on disability for my bad back	do you have any pets ?	i have 6 cats , what about you ?	i . . just adopted the stray one i found in my back yard !	i . . just adopted the stray one i found in my back yard ! how sweet , mine listen to country music with me
ner-0814	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then	yeah but i am single .	trying to find a mate at the gym ?	no i actually enjoy being alone	no i actually enjoy being alone that is absolutely fine , nothing wrong with being alone
ner-0815	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	i would love to ! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing , though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive !	charlie , my dog , just stole my dinner and ran off ! it was eggplant , my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .	wow ! get back here , charlie ! are you vegetarian ?	not fully but i do not eat meat that often .	not fully but i do not eat meat that often . i see . so your from australia ?
ner-0816	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they want to graduate at mississippi university like me	that is cool i guess . are they twins	no . only 12 ? so no job yet . i have done real estate 12 years now	ha . that is since i was a baby . i am a tae kwan do champ	ha . that is since i was a baby . i am a tae kwan do champ must be a brutal 12 year old ! haha ! i try to do environmental work too .
ner-0817	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you , what do you do for work ?	i work in an office , you ?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh , are you a troubled teen ?	no i work with them , i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian	yeah i love cooking italian and singing choir	how about travel ? i want to go see the world	i have not done traveling , i am a taekwondo black belt master !	i have not done traveling , i am a taekwondo black belt master ! that is something . if you do not travel do you read travel books ?
ner-0818	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?	i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single	i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single i see . well my family is in arkansas . i live in chicago in an apartment .
ner-0819	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma i am in miami , i love america
ner-0820	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?	no i grew up on a farm and have seven kids . i am always on the road	no i grew up on a farm and have seven kids . i am always on the road i like to go to the karaoke bars
ner-0821	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now	my parents are army , and were never home , how long have you been there ?	fir years , i am naturally a violent person , i hope we have a nuclear war	fir years , i am naturally a violent person , i hope we have a nuclear war i have been arrested for theft , but no violence
ner-0822	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ? i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?
ner-0823	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	cool . we just went swimming . that is one way we get our workout in .	i am scared of water ! except when i garden to feed my plants .	as a teacher it is refreshing to watch the sea as i meditate . then swim .	interesting . what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone .	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone . no way ! i love purple ! where did you go to college . i am a proud buckeye .
ner-0824	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island oh cool , that sounds really exciting and expensive
ner-0825	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to arrest my best friend	are their toes webbed like mine are ?	lol no i do not think so	lol no i do not think so five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .
ner-0826	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	just done with band practice . i am the lead singer !	much cooler than being an accountant !	i do not think i could stare at numbers all day	yeah , its hard sometimes . i hike when i can with my sons	i like being outdoors and partying a little when we do not have a show to play .	sounds like fun . where do you play ?	we are fairly popular , so all up and down the east coast .	i am in ohio , ever play there ?	definitely . mainly columbus . not so much cincy or cleveland .	definitely . mainly columbus . not so much cincy or cleveland . darn , i am in cleveland .
ner-0827	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	good . do you love reading the bible ?	not as much as i should . i read as much as i can about the arctic .	not as much as i should . i read as much as i can about the arctic . so how do you see nature ?
ner-0828	hello ! how are you today ?	i am well , what are your plans today ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am well , what are your plans today ?	probably just some stitching and quilting . you ?	that sounds very relaxing . i think i am going to wash my car . do you study ?	that sounds very relaxing . i think i am going to wash my car . do you study ? ha , not for a long time ! i am what they call a baby boomer
ner-0829	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	well , do you go outside ? i love playing ultimate frisbee	no i do not i stay inside and watch movies all the time	sounds kind of boring , do you have any pets ? i have a turtle , his name is tim	i have 1 dog and 2 cats with my husband he is my world	nice , what do your parents do ?	they are bankers how about yourself ?	my parents are in bora bora and i work in fast food	does your place sell ice cream it is my favorite food , what is yours ?	yeah they sell ice cream but only in autumn which is my favorite season , i love pizza	pizza is the perfect food to watch movies with , what is your favorite movie ?	i like watching netflix , i like forrest gump	that is a good movie what is your favorite show on netflix ?	walking dead or always sunny in philadelphia	walking dead or always sunny in philadelphia those are on my list to watch i am way behind
ner-0830	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion i have never left my hometown . how old are you ?
ner-0831	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?	yes ! i love drama books and horror ones	yes ! i love drama books and horror ones i actually prefer biographies but drama and horror sound cool
ner-0832	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	just work part time for the restaurant my mother owns .	i am going hunting this weekend .	where and what do you hunt ?	on the north side . i will be hunting wildlife .	okay , and i will be eating pizza . ever hear that song going on a pizza hunt ?	no , the week after i will be restoring classic cars .	oh that sounds nice . going to a car show ? .	probably , if the weather permits .	probably , if the weather permits . i would stutter to see so many neat cars .
ner-0833	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry . i have a dog . i love animals
ner-0834	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	well i am in high school so all the basics	ah . i see , i am taking classes to become a teacher myself .	o cool which type of school	just basic college currently , something that still gives me plenty of free time to go running	oo so you are trying to be a professor	yes , hoping to at least . what do you like to use your free time for ?	i mostly be at school , the little free time i spend at home	i mostly be at school , the little free time i spend at home do you listen to much music ? i love ed sheeran .
ner-0835	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	my factory job allows me weekends off so i get to watch the games . you ?	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery office for me . then home to my garden filled with purple flowers .
ner-0836	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ? hello , how are you doing today ?
ner-0837	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	i am doing well . how are you ? doing pretty good , played a gig last night so a little tired .
ner-0838	hello how are you doing ?	i am doing good ready to retire	hello how are you doing ?	i am doing good ready to retire	i am doing good ready to retire i love to create art . i wish i was rich ! !
ner-0839	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?
ner-0840	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ? ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .
ner-0841	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	teaching is great . my family lives right around the corner from me .	i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ?	we love to go hunting together . i typically drive my ford truck	cool . i like to cook and read books .	reading is relaxing . we are quite conservative	conservative is good . what else do you like to do ?	and we believe in the right to own guns , i have 3	and we believe in the right to own guns , i have 3 i own one . a 22 but still learning how to use it .
ner-0842	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	i just have the two boys , and am a single mom . we do not have pets .	awww . that is precious . do have a vegetable garden ?	no , but i like to do landscaping .	no , but i like to do landscaping . single moms rock ! you go girl ! you own the landscaping company ?
ner-0843	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	i love the outdoors ! the weather is crazy this year !	the best part , is the feast of a wild boar .	do you know how to cook ?	yea , amongst other things , i installed a loud stereo in my truck .	i love animals ! i adopted a cat .	at my moms healthcare job , they as well have an adopted cat .	my mother was a nurse in the army	did she like the healthcare field ?	pharmaceuticals are a problem . the environment worries me as well .	pharmaceuticals are a problem . the environment worries me as well . would it interfere with my love for camping and hiking ?
ner-0844	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	good good , i am good . yes , i had chicken and rice . what about you ?	wow , me , too . mine was portuguese style .	wow , me , too . mine was portuguese style . i am not familiar . do you have a diet you stick to ?
ner-0845	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . i have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .	maybe you could find a house for dad . i do not like him in my home .	maybe . you live in a certain area ?	yes in cozumel . he loves cats but hates my onions .	i went to college at the university of mississippi and live not far from there now .	i see . we just cannot agree on things . so dad needs to move .	i will ask a colleague tomorrow . i am only 34 . no experience in cozumel .	that is close to where the hospital is .	okay . what do you do in your spare time ?	i am a chef at least once a week .	i am a chef at least once a week . i wish i was a great cook . i spend my extra time promoting green living .
ner-0846	good morning ! i just got home from school . what about you ?	i just woke up . i am a real estate agent .	good morning ! i just got home from school . what about you ?	i just woke up . i am a real estate agent .	i am an eccentric person . for feet i have a tail and my hair is long and wavy .	you have a tail ? i have two kids in kindergarten .	i know it sounds strange , but under the sea is where i live . and you ?	i live in florida . are you a mermaid ?	i have a wild imagination . sea creatures are my friends and i explore with them .	i see . i hate that people are polluting the oceans so much .	me too ! what do you do after dinner ? i go out with friends and play .	i am always reading about foreclosed properties .	i am always reading about foreclosed properties . interesting . have you learned a lot so far ?
ner-0847	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	what do you do for work ?	i sell hamburgers and fries .	do you work full time ? are you also a student ?	i am full time . i am thinking about finishing school .	getting a degree is a good idea .	i thought it would help me get a better job .	do you know what you want to go to school for or do after ?	i am thinking about being a nurse . my aunt works in a hospital , and likes it .	that is interesting . i went to school for engineering but do not work in it .	what do you do now ?	i write science fiction stories .	i write science fiction stories . that is cool . engineer degrees are nice to have , since you could still do that .
ner-0848	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten , i met my best friend in kindergarten	what do you like to do in your spare moments ?	i enjoy advertising , i got a job working in it last year	i am getting married soon , hope she starts to enjoy sports like i do	i just got married , my jewish wife , i am in jewish faith	where did the jews come from ?	not sure , i am guessing space	can anyone be jewish or is it exclusive to a certain group ?	anyone can be whatever they wanna be	anyone can be whatever they wanna be that is not true , have you played any sports ?
ner-0849	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	i love robots i hang with one every day	i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it	wow that is cool i have blue hair i love my hair	i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot	i looked like a robot with the tail i has as a baby	wow a tail ? did you grow it ?	i had it cut off when i was a baby	i had it cut off when i was a baby that is interesting what do you do now ?
ner-0850	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	i am doing great , where are you from ?	i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school .	were you impacted from the storm or your dog obedience school ?	no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal !	that is fantastic and yes i love sweets , what is your favorite sweets ?	probably chocolate . what is your favorite hobby ? i like dancing at the club .	i love dancing and singing at home lol .	ah . i take and post pictures of myself a lot .	which social media do you like , instagram , twitter , facebook or snapchat ?	i like all of them . facebook is probably my favorite . how about you ?	i like all of them . facebook is probably my favorite . how about you ? i do not really have a favorite but instagram is the top one
ner-0851	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books
ner-0852	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ? hey , tell me about yourself ?
ner-0853	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	what do you do for fun ? like music ?	i lay here and look at the paint peal	i lay here and look at the paint peal boo ! sounds hard ! tell me about you ?
ner-0854	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	thankfully not doing that ! my best friend does those . he is a robot .	can not say that i have a robot friend ! would help at my job though .	i do not work . i am in school homeschooled , actually .	so you get to learn while in pajamas ! neat !	indeed ! where are you from ? i am from california .	nebraska . so there is not much to do here . i enjoy bird hunting here .	do you bird hunt a lot ?	only when my company does not have me repairing properties , yes !	you have got to love that work !	i do . been doing it my whole life .	fantastic ! what are your hobbies ? my love is to cosplay .	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish why can you not eat shellfish ?
ner-0855	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	how are you doing tonight	not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred .	i can not watch news for that reason ever been to jail i was for stealing	no i have not but i care a lot about politics .	cool my good friend took my boyfriend way from me back in high school	that is not good . do you like to read ? i read whenever possible .	i hate to read . i wish i was a fashion designer	my profession is in it .	cool i wish i had kids but the timing is not right	yeah , i can say the same here .	do you like to watch sports ?	yes i do . my favorite is football .	yes i do . my favorite is football . cool i like football also . do you like movies
ner-0856	how are you ? i love reading specifically mysteries .	i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing !	how are you ? i love reading specifically mysteries .	i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing !	i know what you mean i have seven kids of my own	i just have 2 roommates and a cat . no kids yet	i drive a big truck as my job , what about you ?	i teach kindergarten . barely covers the bills ?	i teach kindergarten . barely covers the bills ? oh you said that , sorry .
ner-0857	hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing ok , how about you ?	hi , how are you doing ?	hi , how are you doing ? i am doing ok , how about you ?
ner-0858	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	robots are cool . they use them in the factory where i work	that is cool , where do you live ?	in ohio . home of the buckeyes	i live out here in california	do you like it ? i would be afraid of all the water along the coast	i love the water , it so much fun to go swimming in the ocean	i love the water , it so much fun to go swimming in the ocean no so scary ! i would rather be gardening
ner-0859	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	under the sea is where i live .	sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan .	i am an explorer and i consider sea creatures to be my friends .	ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer .	manhattan will definitely be a culture shock .	true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?	i am not much of a singer either .	what do you like , except school and sea creatures ?	i enjoy having dinner with my family , how about you ?	i enjoy having dinner with my family , how about you ? i like that too . traveling and eating out are great .
ner-0860	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	i just study . i do not drink or party . i am studious and concentrate on my work .	okay , i love country music , and only eat vegetables .	i love country music . tyler farr is love .	not me i am disable , can not work	did you grow up in the usa like me ?	tyler farr is great ! i knit hats .	tyler farr is great ! i knit hats . can you make me one ? pennsylvania winters get cold .
ner-0861	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time . my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .
ner-0862	hello , how are you today ?	i am great how are you doing ? !	hello , how are you today ?	i am great how are you doing ? !	i am great how are you doing ? ! stressed , i have finals soon ! no time to celebrate
ner-0863	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hey i am fine how about you hello there , how are you ?
ner-0864	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?
ner-0865	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time .	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time . i am hoping i can go full time for all of mine .
ner-0866	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?	my name is ken ! how are you ?	nice to meet you . i am well , and you ?	nice to meet you . i am well , and you ? i am just excited for a conversation ! how old are you ?
ner-0867	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living ? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school ? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals . awesome ! do you have any kids ? i have two . they are in kindergarten .
ner-0868	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .
ner-0869	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to arrest my best friend	are their toes webbed like mine are ?	lol no i do not think so	five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .	do you have kids of your own	yes , but i put them all in a jail cell .	haha ! you can send them to me i want them	you take kids that do not belong to you ? child trafficker ?	no way , i loved kids want my own some day	no way , i loved kids want my own some day ah ok , was going to say , about to turn on my flashing lights .
ner-0870	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry
ner-0871	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	i am doing wonderfully , just came back from the zoo .	how was the zoo and the animals ?	it was amazing , i bought a new bear to add to my collection .	wow what color is the bear and what kind ?	a sun bear . i will donate my collection to the shelter later this year .	that is amazing , how many do you have ?	i have over 50 . we always get a large number of displaced children	i have over 50 . we always get a large number of displaced children that is a lot of bears wow , how long have you been collecting them ?
ner-0872	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from ?	what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ?	i am an aspiring writer from the north west . do you like to read ?	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend your friend is a robot ? what is his name ?
ner-0873	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	oh what do you do for a living ?	i worl at my local petsmart , stocking heavy bags of food	so do you have any pets ?	yeah my dog lassie and my cat oliver	i do not have a pet but i do have a kid i think the world of	i am my dads world lol , he is a retired cop	that is cool . i am a kindergarten teacher	is your kid in your class ? that would be fun	no not yet she is a little to young	i love to go running , its my favorite passion . i wish i ran for a living	i am a bit of a fitness fanatic too in spite of my size .	something about sweating in public gets me pumped ya know ?	ok that is hilarious you win . i just like swimming	ok that is hilarious you win . i just like swimming yeah swimming is really fun , works everything out
ner-0874	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	you are right . i like programming . i have a degree in computer science . you ?	i am passionate about gardening . i am growing a bunch of vegetables .	cool ! what kind of veggies ?	carrots , celery , tomatoes even though those are really fruits .	carrots , celery , tomatoes even though those are really fruits . i say tomatoes are fruity veggies !
ner-0875	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am good , how are you ?	i am good do you work	yes i work from home , do you work ?	my job is pro skating yeah	that is cool , i like playing video games a lot do you play ?	sometimes but i hate potato chips	that is cool , i like them but they can be weird . any hobbies ?	i work at hollister basically	i work at hollister basically oh that is cool . do you work fulltime ?
ner-0876	hey like , how s it going	good and how are you today ?	hey like , how s it going	hey like , how s it going good and how are you today ?
ner-0877	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies ? those are my favorite	not a real fan of scary movies , but love the season !	not a real fan of scary movies , but love the season ! i love both . halloween is the best time of year
ner-0878	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you , what do you do for work ?	i work in an office , you ?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh , are you a troubled teen ?	no i work with them , i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian	yeah i love cooking italian and singing choir	how about travel ? i want to go see the world	i have not done traveling , i am a taekwondo black belt master !	that is something . if you do not travel do you read travel books ?	yes of course i do , who does not silly ?	yes of course i do , who does not silly ? i love to read . it is next best to being there
ner-0879	hello . how is your evening going ?	it is going okay even better with my purple nails	hello . how is your evening going ?	it is going okay even better with my purple nails	oh . well i am studious . you will not catch me partying or drinking .	i get that do you	are you a student ? i am .	like water or oceans ? i am terrified .	i love the water and the ocean ! a marine biologist is what i want to be !	cool , like sports ? i love the ohio buckeyes	no way ! i attend that university ! i study biology .	really ? cool ! like gardens ? i do	yes i do . did you grow in the u . s . like i did ?	yes i did an in ohio	ah , that is very cool .	yes it is where do you work ?	i do not work at the moment . i am focusing on my studies .	i do not work at the moment . i am focusing on my studies . oh okay , that is good i do in a factory
ner-0880	hi , i am kera and i am a social butterfly	hi . i am more the mousy type . numbers are my world at my day job . you ?	hi , i am kera and i am a social butterfly	hi , i am kera and i am a social butterfly hi . i am more the mousy type . numbers are my world at my day job . you ?
ner-0881	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	i am sorry . i love to garden and travel , i would hate for that to be me .	its okay i like to knit hats for babies in nicu	that is so sweet . i have been to six countries .	wow have you discovered any new favorite food i love cooking	i discovered real hummus while teaching biology in turkey .	that sounds right up my alley being vegan and all	that is why i started my garden , i am vegan too .	wow someone who helps others like me and vegan amazing	what made you decide to turn vegan ?	for me it was the thought of ending a life for greed . . you ?	for me it was the thought of ending a life for greed . . you ? my parents raised me this way . i have never tasted meat .
ner-0882	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	cool . we just went swimming . that is one way we get our workout in .	i am scared of water ! except when i garden to feed my plants .	as a teacher it is refreshing to watch the sea as i meditate . then swim .	interesting . what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone .	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone . no way ! i love purple ! where did you go to college . i am a proud buckeye .
ner-0883	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	i really prefer to read plays rather than listen to music . do you read ?	not so much . . i am still in school so i have to read for grades	i listen to a little music while i am exercising for hours .	same here . . do you have any siblings ? i only have a brother	i do but i spend too much time on my dieting business to keep up with family .	i do but i spend too much time on my dieting business to keep up with family . aww that is too bad ! whats your business called ?
ner-0884	good morning for a walk , how are you ?	a walk sounds good . i am jake 28 and from texas . you ?	good morning for a walk , how are you ?	a walk sounds good . i am jake 28 and from texas . you ?	i am mia , i am a retired banker from ohio .	hi mia , what are your hobbies ? mine is spending time online .	i make quilts for christmas and birthday gifts for family .	i make quilts for christmas and birthday gifts for family . how very cool . do you watch tv ? i play on a show called second life .
ner-0885	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck .
ner-0886	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	i am great ! i am having my favorite food ice cream . what about you ?	i love to eat red meat .	me too ! i do not like to work our or any physical activity really .	my dad just retired 2 years ago .	nice , is he a homebody ? i am .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home . she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .
ner-0887	hello , how are you this evening ?	hey , i am good . how about you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	hey , i am good . how about you ?	i am doing well , looking at a travel brochure .	nice , making plans for summer ? i will be too busy studying this summer .	tending to my garden , as i will be using it as a teaching too next year .	i am a law student , i know nothing about gardens . got 2 more years left .	nice . i am thinking of going for my doctorate .	wow , that sounds like a lot of work . do you have any siblings ?	i do not . i am single as well .	how interesting . i have no brothers or sisters either .	my parents are both gone , are yours ?	no , they are still around and helping me to pay for law school . lucky me !	no , they are still around and helping me to pay for law school . lucky me ! yes , lucky you ! are you married ?
ner-0888	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	oh ok . had better days hello how are you today ?
ner-0889	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two years i have a couple more to go .	that is great . i have been saving up for some vintage 50s decorations lately .	that sounds very interesting . i collect fenton glass .	i also have exotic fish .	what kind are your favorites ? i have albino frogs .	i love tangs . they are so pretty	i love tangs . they are so pretty yes , they are beautiful . how many do you have ?
ner-0890	hi how are you ?	i feel fat today actually	hi how are you ?	i feel fat today actually	i feel fat today actually how come ? i am making barbecue right now . i love it !
ner-0891	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh just hungry an you ?	hi there how are you tonight ?	hi there how are you tonight ? oh just hungry an you ?
ner-0892	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	i have been a nurse at this hospital for 35 years so not too exciting	i bet you have some crazy stories though .	the worst was when i treated a lady dressed like a cat . cats repulse me	i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs .	my dad has 5 dogs and i do not enjoy him so dogs bother me too	i went to a friends wedding last week where they used their dog as a ring barer	haha that is silly . at least it was not a disgusting cat	very true . do you have a favorite band you like to listen to while working ?	i cannot listen to music while working since nurses have to listen to patients . you ?	i cannot listen to music while working since nurses have to listen to patients . you ? rush is one of my top favorites
ner-0893	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	are you a republican ? i was .	no i am an independent	no i am an independent good . i am married two children .
ner-0894	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
ner-0895	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books
ner-0896	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	just got back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds	ugh i am sorry to hear that . what do you want to do for work ?	looking for anything different to get out of customer service	what do you like to do for fun ?	spending time with my aunt and uncle , they raised me so i owe them	spending time with my aunt and uncle , they raised me so i owe them that is very nice . i love spending time with my big pet dog .
ner-0897	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering
ner-0898	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i live there now , currently watching the office	that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ?	at church reading the torah	that sounds nice . do you have any family ?	yes in fact i do , but t they hide the sweets from me	that must be rough , i have a brother and a father	nice ! do you go to church with them ?	i do go to church , we go out for vegan sushi afterwards !	sounds delicious ! i am fond of eel myself	do you enjoy rap music ? it is my favorite ?	i love the stuff , matisyahu is my favorite rapper	i love the stuff , matisyahu is my favorite rapper that is excellent , eminem is my favorite .
ner-0899	hey , i m a single woman	me too ! where are you from ?	hey , i m a single woman	me too ! where are you from ?	i also love shopping	not me ! ! i like to be alone !	haha , i just finished my education as a nurse	that is cool ! i am a writer ! where do you live ?	i just can t wait to be a full time nurse	i just can t wait to be a full time nurse i write stories for work ! romance usually !
ner-0900	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	i like romance movies and books romance ones are my favorite too !
ner-0901	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it you do not like to move around
ner-0902	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it ? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun ! steak sounds good	it was too much fun ! steak sounds good i just grilled it . what do you do for fun ?
ner-0903	hello . tell me a little about yourself !	hello , i am a lawyer and have a couple of dogs .	hello . tell me a little about yourself !	hello , i am a lawyer and have a couple of dogs .	oh , i love dogs ! how old are you ? i am a 40 year old man	i am 28 . i love animals . i am terrified of heights though .	i like roller coasters , but not heights ! i always need to keep my hands busy	have you been to cedar point ? it is the coaster capital of the world .	i have ! my kids love that place . they keep me going after the divorce !	i have ! my kids love that place . they keep me going after the divorce ! that they do . my sister turned to religion , i am an atheist .
ner-0904	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	i grew up without my mother . did you grow up with both parents ?	yes , i did . they were good parents .	singing karaoke is a talent of mine . do you sing too ?	not really . i am into running , books and old cars .	not really . i am into running , books and old cars . i cannot see colors . what is your favorite color ?
ner-0905	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ? hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0906	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hello , my name is randy . how are you ? hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?
ner-0907	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi how are you today ? great , getting ready for midterms . you ?
ner-0908	hey how are you tonight	very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ?	hey how are you tonight	very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ?	just got done with my shift at the grocery store !	same here , now i want to watch the buckeyes game !	oh sounds fun ! i have to feed my horses , then maybe listen to my favorite singer .	i love horses . who is your favorite singer ?	me too ! i have two ! taylor swift of course , what about you ?	i like prince , probably because i love the color purple .	such a pretty color ! price came to my town once , i live in chicago .	i love the city but i am scared of the water .	aw why is that	i never learned to swim . what kind of horses ?	mustangs . lily and champ	mustangs . lily and champ my cat is named lily . small world .
ner-0909	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	guitar is cool . rap is my favorite , but it does not have much guitar	what do you do for a living ?	i am currently in college . i am studying to be a teacher . you ?	i am currently in college . i am studying to be a teacher . you ? that is cool ! i am a batista
ner-0910	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	well , thank you . do you like onions ? i love them .	no ? so were do you live	with my dad . we do not get along . he has cats and i do not like them .	are you ok ? your talking kind of weird	i work as a nurse . i think i would know if something was wrong .	are you male of female i am a male	male and i have been at my job for several years .	ok i am just chilling and watching family guy	that is cool . you like watching the television a lot ?	not really its on and i am bored	not really its on and i am bored oh , i see . i completely understand that .
ner-0911	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	i am great just a little bit tired	have a stressful day ? i run to relieve that .	kinda my baby been fussy lately she is teething	i suggest playing her some ed sheeran .	lol i do not think that is gonna stop her teeth from hurting	probably not but may soothe your nerves , what do you for a living .	i doubt it lol , but i work at a warehouse	i am in college , getting a degree in education .	cool are you gonna be a teacher ?	it is my dream to teach history .	it is my dream to teach history . in high school or college
ner-0912	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello good i start my first in college next year awesome ! i plan on starting hairdresser school
ner-0913	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i am not sure who that is , my favorite media is the movie titanic .	he is a country star , ice tea and chilling on the porch	do you have a family ?	yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon	having a kid is a big step up from having only ginger my golden retriever .	lol i bet , well my baby right now is my computer	will you go to school for computers . i studied abroad .	i do some coding you know , i do web design . awesome	do you have any pets ?	where abroad ? i am from canada	where abroad ? i am from canada i studied for their overseas , in europe for four years .
ner-0914	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago . sorry to hear that . i have a father only , wish i have a spouse
ner-0915	hi there how are you today	i am great ! my name is joanna , what is yours ?	hi there how are you today	i am great ! my name is joanna , what is yours ?	my name is rachel . what do you do to pass time ?	i enjoy horror movies . what kind of movies do you like ?	i enjoy doing exercise videos with my cats !	how fun ! i grew up on a farm so i love animals . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in sonoma valley which is where i developed my interest in dieting	i grew up in sonoma valley which is where i developed my interest in dieting do you work in the fitness industry ?
ner-0916	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	i am doing good . listening to some john denver . awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer
ner-0917	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live ? i am from edris island .	i have a grown daughter and two grand kids . i live in jersey .	my sister lives with me . i also have a dog .	i also like to enjoy caring for people that is cool .	it is ! what do you look like ?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is your sister ?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is your sister ? she is really great . she is an older sister . i am very young .
ner-0918	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ? that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?
ner-0919	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips	hey ! i hope youre a dog person because i can give you some tips hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?
