consistent-00	human: Hello! Do you like paramedics in the healthcare profession? That's my job.	chatbot: Wow. I honestly believe that is one of the most important and best jobs someone can do. To go out there at high speed and pressure knowing someone's job is on the line.	human: I agree! Another important job is being in politics. Hilary Clinton is a great example.	chatbot: Yea . That's fair and I honestly believe that she would have been a much better president than Donald Trump.	human: I agree! Trump is too caught up in his own businesses and running Trump Tower.	chatbot: Yea and he has the personality of someone who should be running a prison not the country . He is too racist to be running a diverse country like america,	human: I totally agree. Maybe he should go to the Republic of Colombia instead.	chatbot: Yea , him and Pablo are pretty much the same in terms of personality although one was a drug dealer and the other a misogynist.	human: Definitely. Or maybe they both could go to Victoria, Australia.
consistent-00	human: Have you ever played and old video game called Everquest?	chatbot: I haven't heard of it	human: It came out in 1999. I used to play it when i was a teen. I installed it the other day and had a good time playing.	chatbot: Everything old makes a come back!
consistent-00	human: I do like pickles.  When did pickling start?	chatbot: Not sure? But pickling unlike canning does not require the food be sterile	human: That is true! Do you like watching Game of Thrones?	chatbot: I have only seen the first 5 minutes of the the first show. Do you like game of thrones?	human: Not really haha. Is there any show or series that you enjoy watching?	chatbot: I dont watch a lot of T.V. like to spend my extra time pickling eggs	human: Interesting. My friends like watching Game of Thrones, but I do not.	chatbot: have you ever eaten pickled eggs?
consistent-00	human: I did not get the job that I had interviewed for. I thought the interview went well,  but I guess not.	chatbot: That's rough man. Got any back up interviews lined up?	human: Not as of now. I have applied to a couple of other jobs.	chatbot: I hope that you hear back from them soon. It ain't going to be rough forever - someone has got to recognize your worth eventually!
consistent-00	human: hi , there ! phew , i am out of breath !	chatbot: hi there . why are you out of breath ? exercising ?	human: i love to run . just got finished .	chatbot: do you run on the road or track ? i , personally , love the treadmill .	human: i run through town . as a woman , i carry pepper spray !
consistent-00	human: My date ended up paying for our dinner. My card got denied	chatbot: Oohh...if you're the girl that's ok...if you're a guy c'mon buddy, bring some cash lol	human: I gave the cash I had to a homeless guy by the art gallery.	chatbot: is he still there maybe? hope so. Remember the movie Groundhog Day. It was the homeless guys last day	human: I don't watch much TV. I spend most days painting. 	chatbot: TV is good to fall asleep to, i've wanted to start painting but being a nurse keeps me busy	human: How do you handle being a nurse, working with so many people? I get so nervous around people.	chatbot: I like being busy and helping people is fun.
consistent-00	human: i won 2nd place in a spelling bee when i was 11	chatbot: what word did you get wrong ?	human: alcohol is the word I misspelled  	chatbot: That's a shame, but 2nd place is nothing to be ashamed of either way. You should be proud!	human: Yes I won the entire contest the year prior so it is ok.	chatbot: Did any prizes come with the victory? Gift cards and the such?	human: I was given an article in the new yorker magazine as well as savings bonds.	chatbot: That's quite impressive! I'll take it that it was a national competition and not a local one?	human: Yes it was the national spelling bee.	chatbot: That's nice. I was never too good at spelling	human: It's just a matter of practicing 	chatbot: Ha, it must be true if the champion says so ;) Do you still participate in these events? Even if only as a host
consistent-00	human: Elvis was such an amazing singer, but he also an incredible musician and actor. 	chatbot: Yes, The King. Did you know he sold more then 1 billion units in 20 years.	human: I didn't know that! He was born in 1935 and died in 1977 though.	chatbot: So sad that such a talent left so early. Do you happen to know what his first big seller was?	human: Well his music career really started in 1954 at Sun Records, where he wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.	chatbot: Interesting, my favorite song of his is Jail House Rock. 	human: I think one of my favorites of his was "Heartbreak Hotel" from back in January 1956.
consistent-00	human: hello , how are you doing today ?	chatbot: i'm doing just fine , and yourself ?	human: i'm well , thank you . what do you do for hobbies ?	chatbot: my dad is a farmer , and i help him in the fields for fun . you ?	human: i enjoy working on vintage cars , and going to concerts .	chatbot: i also have 3 arabian horses , so i ride them often too .	human: beautiful horses . i have 2 dogs .
consistent-00	human: Have you heard about Guns n' roses	chatbot: I have heard of them. I like their song November Rain	human: Yes the sond was well written by Axl Rose	chatbot: I heard of their Illusion Tour	human: The tour was splendid. It was one of their longest tout	chatbot: Didn't their guitarist slash leave the band?	human: When did he leave did he release the six albums with them	chatbot: I heard Axl Rose was known for throwing tantrums	human: Maybe that was due to his powerful and large vocal range
consistent-00	human: i love elvis!	chatbot: Definitely Elvis Aaron Presley was a great musician and actor.	human: so you think he is dead?	chatbot: Sure. I believe the "King of Rock and Roll" is dead. He is a huge cultural icon of the 20th century.	human: yeah hewas the king they say	chatbot: Elvis Presely was born in the city of Tupelo in Mississippi but relocated to Tennessee when he was 13. 	human: Wow i had no idea!
consistent-00	human: Athletes in ancient Greece consumed large quantities of meat and wine as bodybuilding supplements.	chatbot: Oh that is interesting. I don't know much about athletes in Greece. How did that get started?	human: Actually, many cultures have been using different herbal concoctions and tonics to increase strength and stamina. 	chatbot: How far back does that go? When did athletics come about?	human: Since Ancient times...many cultures have been using supplements since ancient times.	chatbot: What kind of supplements did they use? I don't know much about that from long ago, guess history books never focused on it.	human: Once concoction used back then was "beef juice" it was a way to "enhance muscle recovery"
consistent-00	human: I just won an award for best yard in the neighborhood! 	chatbot: Wow that's great,  you must have put a lot of work into your yard.	human: I did,  mowed it three times a week and watered it twice a day. All the hard work really paid off. 	chatbot: Cool,  I guess the grass is actually greener in your yard now!
consistent-00	human: I woke up this morning,  and my mailbox had been smashed in. I think the neighborhood teens had smashed it with a bat.	chatbot: That is is awful.Did you call the cops	human: I did,  they are investigating currently. I hope they find the hoodlums.	chatbot: You should install security cameras outside your house.
consistent-00	human: I think that my husband and me have so much faith in each other.	chatbot: thats awesome to hear,  a lot of people cheat on each other frequently and dont care anymore	human: I know,  I cant do that. I think it's very important to be honest in your love life.	chatbot: i believe so too ,  if people are gonna cheat why get married at all
consistent-00	human: hello ! how are you today ?	chatbot: i'm fine thank you , how about you ?	human: i am too young to understand you	chatbot: that's alright . my husband is a doctor , and he deals with kids .	human: even 4 year olds who only eat chocolate ? !	chatbot: mostly 4 year olds . yes . do you have brothers and sisters ?	human: no . i'm alone . i keep myself busy by singing to my toys . you ?	chatbot: i play tennis professionally . i wish i could have some chocolate .	human: i can share ! i want to be a puppy when i get older !	chatbot: that is a good future plan ! i have a dog , and i love taking walks with him .
consistent-00	human: Hey! Do you like hot dogs? I feel like they're an American classic.	chatbot: I LOVE hot dogs with mayonnaise, chili, onions and cheese	human: Classic combo. I like mine with relish. Ever had one in New York? They sell them at nearly every street corner.	chatbot: No, not in NY, but LA has great Street Food hot dogs.  They're grilled and wrapped with bacon	human: Wow! That sounds amazing. I'll have to try one sometime. I went to New Zealand a few years ago and instead of buns, they just use white bread for theirs.	chatbot: In Atlanta they had a kiosk for Street Food that had special foot long buns that were U shaped.  They were awesome	human: Have you heard of the new Texas Rangers' "pickle dog?"	chatbot: No, what is a Pickle Dog?  New kind of Street Food?	human: It's a hot dog in a pickle and then fried like a corn dog. It's a bit excessive if you ask me, but it's gone viral.
consistent-00	human: i Love that character i really like the scene where he rides in the desert	chatbot: I'm so glad you know about it, here's a fun fact about him, his number was changed from 57 to 95 to correlate with the release year of Pixar's first film Toy Story.	human: i didn't know that .and i'm a big trivia buff	chatbot: Yeah. Which of the Cars movies do you like the most?	human: the first.it was the first one i saw and i have very fond memories of seeing it with my parents	chatbot: That nice. What other Pixar movies do you like?	human: i love the incredibles.why did we have to wait so long for a sequel? and wall-e and up.what are your favorites?	chatbot: Yeah,14 years is a long time to wait for a sequel! Finding Nemo is one of my favorite Pixar movies of all time. 	human: hold on a sec.my dog wants to help me type......
consistent-00	human: what do you do in your spare time ?	chatbot: i recently quit my job , moved in to monastery to pursue my spirituality .	human: that's incredibly brilliant . congratulations	chatbot: i appreciate that . are you a spiritual person , may i ask ?	human: yes i am actually . i became very close to god after surviving cancer	chatbot: you are amazing . thank you for sharing .	human: you are as well . an inspiration . i must remember you when training my clients
consistent-00	human: My husband woke up with his face swollen and a terrible toothache	chatbot: That's horrible. Did he get to go to the dentist yet?	human: Not yet,  but I was his bedside nurse all day. Anything he needed I was sure to get.
consistent-00	human: hello , how are you today ?	chatbot: hi , i'm justin . i'm on tour and just came in from a performance	human: that's awesome , how do you like performing ? i am currently looking for a new job .	chatbot: it is my life . i was born into it . both of my parents are musicians	human: sounds like it was ment to be . my daughter loves to preform she's a prodigy really .	chatbot: great . very good to start young . i've been playing guitar since i was three	human: hopefully she makes it big , i love to go to the park and watch her preform .	chatbot: i schedule stops at national parks . maybe you both could come to a show	human: that would be amazing . being a doctor it is hard to get time off .
consistent-00	human: Are there personal benefits why a person would become a vegetarian?	chatbot: Because it is the absence of eating meat and so the abstentation of by products from slaughter, there are a few animal based problems you'd avoid. 	human: I think it's more economic too	chatbot: Yes and no. While many people save money from not buying meat, supplementing the vitamins and protein meat gives you can be expensive.	human: I don't think you need to take supplements as a vegetarian. Have you ever tried skipping meat?	chatbot: There are some things you can't get from vegetables alone. I might consider going vegetarian, it's just skipping meat.	human: It might not be easy at first but there are many interesting veggie options out there. 	chatbot: What interests me is veggie versions of meat products. I really want to try the impossible whopper.	human: I've never tried that one but it sounds yummy
consistent-00	human: i love dance ! i like to hike on the weekends to the hollywood sign . .	chatbot: oh that is probably a big hike ! must be difficult .	human: it can be, what do you like doing?	chatbot: dance takes over most of my life but in my spare time i like to watch movies	human: oh ok, whats the most recent movie youve seen?	chatbot: action movies . . it all depended on my mood . you ?	human: i prefer movies with a moral as i can use that when im teaching.	chatbot: Action movies often have morals as a high schooler I have learnt a lot from action movies	human: true, i enjoy those action movies! so what kind of dance do you do?	chatbot: I like more recent break dance type dances
consistent-00	human: i just moved here from australia . i am having trouble making friends .	chatbot: its ok i can be your friend for now	human: I can be your friend - do you play any sports?	chatbot: I am an avid cyclist. And its  good thing because I eat a lot of pizza!	human: My favorite food is macaroni and cheese.  I just got a new bike do you want to go for a bike ride?	chatbot: I would love to go for a bike ride! Maybe we can stop to eat afterward.	human: Sounds fun there is a candy store on the way to the park.	chatbot: Well that sounds fabulous. I love chocolate covered potato chips!	human: Gummy worms are my favorite and they have an air hockey machine.	chatbot: I haven't played air hockey in years! We had one in our basement when I was a kid.	human: So fun, I hope my parents get a pool table
consistent-00	human: hi there ! how are you today ?	chatbot: hey ! i am fine , thanks . just got back from work . how are you ?	human: pretty good . i just got back from the gym . i go there all the time .	chatbot: i should go . i work at burger king , and the food is making me gain weight .	human: i like the treadmill and rowing machine the best . they might work for you .	chatbot: cool , thanks ! my parents have a treadmill i can use , but i really want to move out .	human: do you only live with your parents ? i have two dogs myself .	chatbot: oh nice ! and yes , i do . they're always on my back , though .
consistent-00	human: My friend bought a house in a very cheap market town and 6 months later a very walthy company opened an enormous regional HQ there. His house has doubled in price and he has paid off all his debt and now is very well off. I'm pleased for him but envy a little luck	chatbot: That's amazing and a very quick profit!  I'm a little bit jealous myself.  	human: Yeah. It is one of those strange moments where a place can go from being a place in the cheapest third of housing markets to being in the most expensive third in just a couple years!	chatbot: It's amazing the effect something so seemingly small,  like the company headquarters opening,  can effect an entire town like that
consistent-00	human: I was surprised when my family threw me a surprise party	chatbot: how old did you turn ?	human: I turned 34	chatbot: congrats
consistent-00	human: please tell me something about you	chatbot: i teach elementary school , and so did my parents . now you ?	human: hi ! i'm a graduate student	chatbot: that's exciting . what did you go to school for ?	human: do you have a particular specialty ?	chatbot: well , i love board games , and i would like to think i'm the best . do you ?	human: i study psychology . i love reading the new research in my field
consistent-00	human: About a year ago I lost my grandmother to cancer. I was really close to her.	chatbot: I'm so sorry. I recently just lost both of my grandparents within a year. I know how you feel.	human: I'm really sorry to hear that. Losing two family members in such a short timespan is really heartbreaking. 	chatbot: its really heart breaking. i'm so glad to have made good memories. it would be tragic if i had regrets	human: I completely agree. It makes you realize how important it is to spend time with people while they are here.	chatbot: Absolutely, it's a chapter of your life and as long as you have those memories they live on through those memories.	human: That is a really good way of looking at it. And you can share those memories with new people in your life and breathe life into them.	chatbot: You are so right. It can make all the difference.	human: Do you have other family members to help you after your loss?	chatbot: yeah we have a large close knit family. how bout you?
consistent-00	human: When did people start Kayaking?	chatbot: Kayaks were created thousands of years ago by the Eskimos	human: wow i really like kayaking that is an interesting fact	chatbot: i started kayaking about 3 years ago, but stopped after I tumped over and couldn't get back on it	human: oh wow yeah i would be afraid, sometimes you do not know what is under the water, like crabs	chatbot: we have seen alligators in the waters that I turned over in. it was very scary. i haven't been back on it 	human: yeah i would not be too interested in falling into water like that	chatbot: right! i live in an apartment, asked the office people if i could take my kayak to the pool, late at night to i could practice recoery	human: what did they say	chatbot: they said no! but, if i would have done it late at night, they probably wouldn't have known. i'm totally scared to go back in the water	human: yeah they totally wouldnt know who goes to the pool at night 	chatbot: i totally loved it - being on the water, i do love the water
consistent-00	human: my favorite actress is rita hayworth .	chatbot: i don't know who that is . what has she been in ?	human: She was in a lot of older movies, like trouble in texas.	chatbot: well you would think i would have heard of her since i live in Houston!	human: Ha, speaking of old movies, have you seen Singing in the Rain?	chatbot: No.Im either working as a waitress,or jogging in my free time.I gotta stay fir for the club i work at.	human: Jogging that's a good way to stay fit and get some time outside. I like being outside when it is raining.	chatbot: Me too! Jogging in the rain is refreshing! I prefer that to sitting watching tv any day.	human: Sorry for the slow responses, sometimes I wish my computer would work a little faster.	chatbot: They are pretty easy to upgrade.I recently added ram to mine.Huge difference!	human: Maybe I'll have to look into that. How much ram did you add?	chatbot: i went from 4 gb to 16 gb.Its like a whole new computer now.	human: That sounds appealing, I've only got 8 gb. I think I'll check into upgrading.
consistent-00	human: hi , how are you doing ?	chatbot: doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?	human: i am fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	chatbot: do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?	human: neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	chatbot: my go to snack is chocolate bars	human: me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	chatbot: what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar
consistent-00	human: my parents dies in an accident	chatbot: that is sad . my best friend is my mom . i could not image loosing her .	human: it is harder some days than others. but it is good you get along with your mom so well	chatbot: It is.  How was your relationship with your parents?	human: it was good, this happened in my adult life so we all had work and stuff and maybe did not socialize as often as we could have	chatbot: I understand.  I guess I tend to socialize with my cat the most.  He is almost like family.	human: i think pets can be family for sure. just hanging out with them and petting them can be really calming	chatbot: Most definitely, except when he knocks stuff off of tables.  Do you have any pets?	human: i used to have a cat that was really bad about that, couldn't have anything on tables at all. but now i have a dog and a couple cats	chatbot: How does your dog get along with the cats?	human: they mostly just ignore each other. the cats are actually bigger than him so they never really seem worried about his presence
consistent-00	human: Instagram was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.	chatbot: Really? I guess they've since diversified into Android since?	human: Yup, a version for Android was released 2 years later.	chatbot: Pretty cool. I love all the nice photo filters they have. It adds a nice touch to photos. 	human: Yes, and then can even add locations through geotags!
consistent-00	human: My boyfriend is sick. He can't eat much so I made some soup for him	chatbot: You're sweet,  what kind of soup did you make him?	human: I made chicken noodle soup. 	chatbot: I love chicken noodle,  he must be so grateful.
consistent-00	human: My new Tesla drove on autopilot effortlessly on the highway. 	chatbot: Amazing. Is that even legal though?	human: As long as you don't fall asleep. LOL	chatbot: That's awesome! They don't have them in Canada yet, hoping soon!	human: It is a great car.  No gas cost and helping the environment. Win Win.	chatbot: I agree! Seems like you like it so far. Any bad parts of it?	human: The electric bill has gone up as well as the insurance cost. I still don't "trust" the autopilot completely.	chatbot: So your home electric fuels the car? Yeah I don't know how comfortable I would be with the autopilot. 	human: Tesla has become really popular here. They are just very expensive.	chatbot: I wonder if the price will go down after they have been out for a while, I hope so at least.\	human: Maybe.  	chatbot: Do you like basketball? It's my favorite sport!
consistent-00	human: I love Ireland! My husband and I went there on our Honeymoon! We flew into the Shannon Airport, it was so easy!	chatbot: My great-grandmother was from Ireland that mystical green isle in the North Atlantic.	human: Do you know what part of Ireland she was from?	chatbot: No idea.  Irish was lower-class back in the day, just Ireland, a single sovereign state is how we regarded it.	human: I think a large part of the world still considers the Irish lower-class. Dublin is thought of as dirty. Neighboring countries do not get that rap.	chatbot: Could be.  Had something to do with the great potato famine which caused the immigration which resulted in 33 million americans reporting Irish ancestry in 2013.
consistent-00	human: I didn't tell my friend when her boyfriend hit on me. She was in a bad spot and needed him for financial support,  and that's why I didn't tell her. But,  I still felt so bad about it.	chatbot: I can empathize with you there.  Do you think there might be another way to let her know? 	human: Well,  she had custody of her handicapped grandchild and no job,  plus she was very much in love with him. I thought it would just make things worse for her.	chatbot: Well money is not everything,  one day it will come out and then the timing will likely be worse.
consistent-00	human: One of the saddest things to me is when people underestimate what they can do and/or are capable of.	chatbot: I know,  that actually happens to me sometimes! Last year I didn't get accepted into this fellowship and for a couple of weeks I was underestimating myself a lot.	human: That's perfectly natural. You sound like the kind of person,  though,  that quickly regained their bearings. Disappointments like that usually come with some *good* lessons.	chatbot: Yea for sure,  I definitely learned that sometimes life just works in a funny way. When's the last time you have been really disappointed? 
consistent-00	human: Have anything to tell me about?	chatbot: Not being able to fit into an old wedding dress,  is one of a womans worst nightmare.	human: Oh wow,  I can imagine. How old was it?	chatbot: The dress was a few years old,  I couldnt believe it didnt fit.
consistent-00	human: I have had the toughest time getting my pet rat to get along with others. She's always been very aggressive!	chatbot: Oh no! I hope it dont bite anyone. That can be nervwrecking.	human: She's never bitten anyone,  thankfully,  but she gets crazy with other rats. To my surprise though,  I've recently found her snuggling with the others she usually tries to fight!	chatbot: Im glad it worked out well. I bet your finally content with her being around other rats. 
consistent-00	human: Seeing people do good things for each other always brightens my day	chatbot: Did you see that happen today?	human: Yeah,  someone paid for this guy's groceries in the store without asking!	chatbot: That's pretty cool.  What a nice person.
consistent-00	human: its a job . what do you study ? any hobbies ?	chatbot: i am studying biology . . . i think i am failing	human: oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Can you get a tutor/study partner?	chatbot: I could but it all comes down to yourself. I am very interested in ecology and nature but it is not my strength	human: Yeah that's true, I'm sure that if you try really hard you'll succeed! Just do your best.	chatbot: Thanks, I am trying my hardest but I continue to fail my courses. I have to retake many courses but that is costly. 	human: I understand, it can definitely be costly. There are a lot of resources out there for students, do you think you could get some student aid?
consistent-00	human: how are you doing today	chatbot: oh gosh another day just grateful .	human: do you like music at all	chatbot: my hearing isn't that good i just reached 100 years .	human: wow i bet you had a great life	chatbot: i am not sure if life has begun yet , i feel that there is way more ahead .
consistent-00	human: I am pretty happy with my life right now, it is going pretty well overall	chatbot: That's great when life just feels right	human: I know right, everything is falling into place finally after all that has happened.	chatbot: What happened before?	human: Well all that trauma of losing a loved one, has a big impact on life.	chatbot: That's sad, how long ago was it?	human: It's been a pretty long time, about 10 years, i remember it like it was yesterday. 	chatbot: Yes, and you're happier now.  With life going the way you want it to go.	human: Exactly! How about your life at the moment? 	chatbot: It seems to be looking up for me as well!  I couldn't be happier!	human: What has happened lately? 	chatbot: I got a new job and things are going more smoothly.  How about you?	human: Oh wonderful, what job is it? I got a new pet.
consistent-00	human: hi . i'm working as a custodian right now to help pay bills .	chatbot: bonjour , i'm kay . i'm also trying to get out of debt .	human: i play music and hope to make it big some day .	chatbot: you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	human: i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	chatbot: you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	human: i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	chatbot: i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	human: i play in small coffee shops .	chatbot: ok , that will get you some exposure . any paying gigs or crazy fans ?	human: i make a little money , that is why i'm a custodian	chatbot: bathrooms provide great acoustics ! so do corridors !	human: i will keep that in mind .
consistent-00	human: i like meat , pasta , what is your hobbies ?	chatbot: eating desert to be honest and you ?	human: I like to bake and eat cookies! 	chatbot: Do you watch any cooking shows?	human: I do, many.  My favorite is Master Chef.	chatbot: I've never seen that. I like Jacques Pepin and America's Test Kitchen.	human: This one features home cooks.  It is judged my Gordon Ramsey.  Do you like Baking Shows?	chatbot: I like any cooking show. I find Gordon Ramsey to be too abusive though.	human: I agree.  This show he is alot tamer.  I like to watch him make pasta.  Have you made pasta from scratch before? 	chatbot: Sure. I have the manual machine. It's easy. You can do gnochi without a machine.
consistent-00	human: I had to give a presentation in front of my college class and it didn't go so well.	chatbot: Oh no! I hate speaking in front of crowds. What happened?	human: There was a lot of stuttering and red-face going on. Also,  technical difficulties.	chatbot: I know you probably feel like you did a bad job- but I bet you did so much better than you think! Be proud of yourself for having the nerve to speak in front of others!
consistent-00	human: Look,  can we just be honest with each other for a second? Having ebola shouldn't mean that I have to be grounded and miss out on my chance to walk on the moon during the upcoming lunar missions.	chatbot: Okay,  well if you have it then you would have to see a doctor.	human: I saw one,  and he said if I gave him $25, 000 he would clear me for flight,  but I don't have that kind of money just lying around. It's a real bummer. Now I just have to do super boring NASA desk work like tracking comets. Lame.	chatbot: Now that is interesting,  I wish you the best of luck.
consistent-00	human: Do you enjoy watching cheerleading? 	chatbot: yes i do because it is an event where cheer cheerleaders cheer  for their team as a form of encouragement.	human: Cheerleaders have to be pretty good athletes themselves. Many of them do all kinds of stunts!	chatbot: Yes the activities can be chanting of  slogans to intense physical activity.	human: There are all sorts of national competitions for cheerleading as well. It has really changed a lot since I was a cheerleader years ago!	chatbot: oh yea?, well when such events occur, then there need to be cheerleaders to  to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience. 	human: That's true! Cheerleading is very popular here in the US. Thousands of kids participate, mostly girls but some boys too. 
consistent-00	human: care to chat with a hs teacher , who goes to church every week ?	chatbot: sure , what is your favorite color ?	human: pink is my favorite color , but that may be because i'm a female .	chatbot: i love red , reminds me of summer time .	human: summer is great . walking outside and gardening is what i enjoy .	chatbot: i prefer colder weather like winter	human: not me . neither does my dog that i've .	chatbot: that's funny , i do not get along with my wife	human: i might be able to relate to your wife , since we are both women .
consistent-00	human: Look, hotdogs are my favourite!	chatbot: I feel you, nothing like a good frankfurter, I love them fired up over a grill and with BBQ sauce.	human: YUMMMM!  	chatbot: I've just recently learned that corn dogs and pigs in a blanket are hot dog variants. I thought they were jump similar foods.	human: No way!!! I would have never guessed! Hey, do you know where the hot dog originated?	chatbot: I know that they were originally imported from Germany and then became popular in the US. 
consistent-00	human: one sister one year older . the walking dead scares her , do you watch it ?	chatbot: that's a terrible show . she should be scared . i do not watch it .	human: What do you watch? I like comic books so I'm big into the CW shows	chatbot: Oh the CW. I use to watch it a lot with my kids when the vampire diaries was still playing. I really liked that show	human: How funny! I have children myself so tv watching is a luxury these days it seems :)	chatbot: Oh for sure! It is such a blessing when we all have a show we enjoy watching together	human: My girls are in the preteen years so we have been watching a lot of YA stuff lately	chatbot: Oh that's nice. My two daughters are 18 and 20	human: I bet that's fun! Great ages!	chatbot: Yeah, one is in college already, and the other is prepared her appplications	human: Oh wow! Will they be close to home?	chatbot: Yes, thankfully! They it looks like they will both be attending the same college next year and it will only be about an hour away	human: Great news! Just far enough away from home but close enough too. 
consistent-00	human: as a child we were poor , so i spend most time volunteering at a soup kitchen .	chatbot: did you have to do any hard chores ?	human: no , but i used to be a gym teacher . i am now retired . what do you do ?	chatbot: i am a school teacher and i love children and my job .	human: that's lovely . do you like cheeseburgers ? they're my favorite .	chatbot: not really as a women i try to watch my diet at all times .	human: i am a woman , but you know , life is short .
consistent-00	human: There was a day that I was a bit short on cash on hand and I didn't give money to a homeless man. I usually always do,  as I feel it's my part to help those in need,  as I am blessed. I felt very bad that I didn't that day.	chatbot: I don't think you should feel too bad about missing one day!  It sounds like you're generous regularly.  I get it though.	human: Well,  homeless people aren't common in my area,  so that's why I felt a bit bad about it. 	chatbot: It's hard to see people and not be able to help.  You seem really giving!
consistent-00	human: really ? i just got a new job	chatbot: no kidding . i wait tables . what is it that you do ?	human: I do repairs at the local bike shop	chatbot: sounds like a sweet gig. is the pay well?	human: it's decent, but honestly our bikes are overpriced	chatbot: so there are better places to buy bikes in the area?	human: nah we've got the best quality around here, and I can probably get you a discount	chatbot: that would be awesome. i'm glad I know a great biker mechanic!	human: It's just that it would be cheaper to fix a bike yourself than to pay us to do it	chatbot: I understand, I do repairs on my own car to save money sometimes.	human: What model of car do you have? I got a Yamaha motorcycle. It's not Harley, but it works
consistent-00	human: my little boy learned how to  count to ten eeven know he is super young	chatbot: ohhh cute!! i am so happy for you,  smart boy!	human: yeah i was so proud of him as well i thought i would have to wait months till he got to that point	chatbot: a rare one,  i hope he goes a long way and maybe even be the next Einstein we need
consistent-00	human: I was out at dinner with my family,  and when coming back to the table from the bathroom I somehow accidentally sat down with a different family.	chatbot: That is embarassing,  but a good story at least!	human: Yeah,  it certainly lead to a lot of good natured ribbing from my parents :P	chatbot: That is for sure,  you can always count on parents for that
consistent-00	human: I'm feeling a little down since my wife will be gone for the weekend.	chatbot: That's unfortunate. What are you going to do to keep yourself busy all weekend?	human: I'm not sure maybe order some chinese food and find a good book.	chatbot: You could learn to cook chinese food. New experiences are always good.	human: I could do that, and surprise her with my new skill when she comes home.	chatbot: I'm sure she'll love it! What type of books are you into?	human: Mysteries mostly.  You?	chatbot: I love mysteries, but lately I've been reading the Berenstain Bears books, at the insistence of my child! They're illustrated children's novels like those in the 	human: My children love those.  Such good lessons in each.	chatbot: I agree, the mysteries are great! It's also nice how the author can either stick to facts or be highly speculative. Makes for some varied reading.	human: Very true, however I believe technology has ruined the modern mystery,	chatbot: How do you think technology has ruined the modern mystery?	human: much less leg work and creative thinking.  
consistent-00	human: Who are your favorite bands?	chatbot: I'm a huge fan of Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath. Both were founded in 1968!	human: led zepelin. they are legendary	chatbot: Are you a fan?	human: im  a fan of geat bass guitar players	chatbot: Who are favorites?	human: Alice in chains, rocking since 1987	chatbot: Great band. Can't go wrong with them.	human: i'm telling you. im in the mood for mexican food 	chatbot: OMG...I love Mexican food!
consistent-00	human: I love green since by far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll. Do you like green?	chatbot: Yea I find it to be a calming color. I dont know why.	human: It might be because its commonly associated with merchants and bankers!	chatbot: Ah yes. That makes sense. Do you know if it is a primary color?	human: No but it is part of the RGB color model.	chatbot: I see. Do you know its wavelength? 	human: It has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
consistent-00	human: I can remember feeling so disillusioned when someone who I really admired as a visionary turned out to be a real jerk on a day-to-day basis.	chatbot: That can really make you lose your faith in wanting to trust people	human: Well,  it definitely makes you a little more realistic when you may be tempted to put someone on a pedestal. Not really fair to them *or* to yourself,  is it?
consistent-00	human: I love American Football!  I actually was a football player in college. Obviously the team with the most points at the end wins!	chatbot: I don't enjoy sports too much, and it's difficult to enjoy American football these days with all of the political issues.	human: That's true about the NFL.  College football is actually how American Football rules first gained popularity in the US	chatbot: I didn't know that. Frankly, the only difference I'm aware of between the NFL and college football is that College players don't get paid.	human: That's true.  College football is generally thought of as 2nd tier American football - one step ahead of High School but a step below professional. 	chatbot: They must be pretty good though. There are video games based upon some teams. I know people bet on games too using online draft picks. Whatever THAT means haha	human: And Football can actually be traced to early versions of rugby and association football.  Video games are insane.  I don't know much about the draft pick games. 
consistent-00	human: hello ! how has your day been ?	chatbot: great just left work , how are you ?	human: i sing country music for fun	chatbot: cool . . . . not much of a singer	human: i was raised in the industry region	chatbot: nice , i'm from colorado	human: i love the colorado rockies baseball	chatbot: they are a good team , do you have any hobbies ?	human: i love to go fishing with friends	chatbot: i go hiking with my dog trooper	human: that is a cute name
consistent-00	human: I actually used to cheerlead for a while in high school.  It is a lot harder than it looks	chatbot: I agree 100 percent. Cheerleading not only includes chanting slogans but involves lots of physical activity.	human: Yes, and a lot of people do not know how dangerous it can be.  Not just the normal wear and tear, but injuries can be pretty bad	chatbot: Chearleading is very strenuous. Especially now that it also considered a competitive sport in itself. Routines range from one to three minutes. The routines contain lots of tumbling and jumps.	human: One of the major reasons of injuries is from stunting, otherwise known as the pyramid	chatbot: That is a difficult move. I love how in 1997 Cheerleading became an international competition. It was even aired on ESPN.	human: One of my favorite movies deals with competative cheerleading.  Have you ever seen Bring it On?
consistent-00	human: My birthday was last week and I never heard from my brother OR my sister to wish me a happy birthday.	chatbot: oh no I am sorry to hear that! They must have been really busy and it must have slipped their mind	human: I guess I shouldn't expect so much from them and let myself get let down like I have.
consistent-00	human: I can get fit in 3 months. Takes discipline 	chatbot: Unfortunately,  I have very little discipline. I'm probably too addicted to carbs to get fit very quickly. 	human: I eat plenty of carbs. It's all about timing	chatbot: How so?
consistent-00	human: well , i do keep learning , but not through formal schooling .	chatbot: good . keeps your mind sharp ! i'd be smarter if i didn't stay up so late .	human: Definitely! I feel it's very important to always continue learning, it's even fun when you're not obligated to due dates and homework assignments. Why do you stay up so late?	chatbot: I am learning computer programming and it is very time consuming sometimes. Also i play PC games way to long.	human: I love PC gaming! It's nice to wind down after a long day of work and get lost in games - what are some of your favorites?
consistent-00	human: The othern ight I was having tea outside and forgot my glass outside all night! 	chatbot: That kind of stinks. Sorry to hear that! Well,  at least there are worst things to forget outside.. Maybe this is an easy learning lesson!	human: It was gross though when I went to go and get it! It was all full of bugs! 	chatbot: I didn't even think of that! That's one thing about tea with me,  that I've never gotten into it because you get it and it's so hot,  so you have to wait forever to drink it. You set it down and then ultimately forget it!
consistent-00	human: My daughter just got married and moved across the country and is homesick. I've been talking to her every day to make her feel better.	chatbot: That's sweet. I'm sure she will adjust in time. Have you ever personally had to make a move like your daughter did?	human: Actually,  I did! I moved across the world to Doha,  Qatar to teach for a couple of years. Even though my husband and daughter was with me,  it was very hard to be away. Have you ever moved far away?	chatbot: No,  I never have. I've always lived in my state I was born in. However,  I did travel to Utah which was about 1200 miles away and got a bit homesick so I can relate.
consistent-00	human: hi , i am well . and you ?	chatbot: i'm well . just finished getting my children to bed .	human: Me too!!!! Now listening to music. Do you listen to music?	chatbot: No, I don't listen to too much music. I watch TV. I like Supernatural.	human: Ahh Kesha is my favorite singer.i love supernatural they seem to rule the world.	chatbot: That's pretty cool!  See her in concert any?  	human: No I haven't,been wanting too.my friend James secretly rules the world but it a secret.	chatbot: Don't let the secret slip! LOL.  
consistent-00	human: i would have to agree that is great	chatbot: do you have any kids ?	human: No, I do not.  Do you?	chatbot: I do. They are both toddlers, 3 and 4.	human: That is great.  I love kids and hope to have them someday.	chatbot: One day you will.	human: Thank you, I hope so.  So what do you do for work.	chatbot: I am a stay at home mother who works with my children.	human: That is great.  It must be very rewarding.	chatbot: It is very rewarding. I get to shape their little minds everyday.	human: Yes, you are definitely shaping the future.
consistent-00	human: I don't like the sport or act of hunting. I had thinking of animals being trapped and killed.	chatbot: Yeah same for me i cant stand any time of hunting or animal cruelty	human: Hunting wildlife is primarily done by humans for food and recreation. I don't think its acceptable to hunt for recreation at all.	chatbot: I know i am totally on the same page i cannot believe it is allowed to have animals as trophies	human: There is a distinction between lawful hunting and poaching. Poaching is illegal.	chatbot: Yeah but still i think the idea of shooting animals for sport is really cruel
consistent-00	human: how are you doing today	chatbot: i'm great ! just got back from a run !	human: do you run every day	chatbot: pretty much ! i also swim and ride my bike and play soccer .	human: i do a lot of active things but not sports	chatbot: what kinds of active things ?	human: stunts in the movies and such	chatbot: wow that's really cool ! any famous movies you have been in ?	human: a couple but i can not disclose	chatbot: ah , i see . are you married ?	human: yes and we have two kids	chatbot: me too , but we do not have any kids . just a dog !	human: what is the name of your dog	chatbot: his name is banjo and he is a mini aussie shepherd .	human: how long have you had him
consistent-00	human: Hi! I'm a big instagram user. I recently learned that they are owned by Facebook now!	chatbot: Oh! I had no idea! That's kind of scary. What a HUGE corporation!	human: Yeah no kidding! I feel like we cannot have privacy anymore on the web now. Facebook, instagram, snapchat etc. are all pretty scary.	chatbot: Yeah, anything you put online or on social media is essentially permanent. Even if you delete it after posting it, there is no telling if someone saved it without telling you!	human: Yes. I was told facebook even has profile of people that never signed up!
consistent-00	human: hello , i am teaching at a school right now . how are you ?	chatbot: teaching ? what grade ? i am good just getting in my daily gym session .	human: 9th graders . i'm a woman teacher .	chatbot: well that's certainly interesting . almost lunch time , i only eat when i'm bored though .	human: i would be eating all the time then haha ! i am a gardener and hiker .	chatbot: where do you like to hike ? the only hiking i do is on the treadmill .	human: i like hiking to dog parks with my dogs	chatbot: ew , dogs ! do not like them , only thing in common is short hair !	human: ya i do not like dogs either . i prefer parrots .
consistent-00	human: how are you ? taking a short break from call of duty . i play a lot .	chatbot: nice , i'm currently taking a break from working on my vintage car .	human: nice weekend right ? i love going to live action role playing events usually on weekends .	chatbot: sounds interesting ! i usually go to country music concerts on the weekends .	human: listening to insane clown posse right now . they are my favorite . not like country . . . .	chatbot: that's funny , i have to vintage cars with radios set to my favorite music . country .	human: i have to go pick up some donuts . i am really into donuts right now .	chatbot: that's funny . i could eat a donut while i work on my vintage cars .	human: i am really like craving donuts .	chatbot: i could drive you to get some in one of my two vintage mustangs .
consistent-00	human: My daughter wants to try out for cheerleading. Do you know anything about it?	chatbot: I know a lot about it.  It is one of the most rewarding sports out there.  I love giving encouragement to the team.  Is she excited?	human: Yeah all her friends are doing it too. Hope she makes the team.	chatbot: Is the team she trying out for one that is more chanting slogans, or is it highly physically demanding?
consistent-00	human: How much do you know about archery?	chatbot: When I was younger I attempted bow hunting, had my own bow and everything.  Did  lot of target practice.	human: Do you know that the word has its roots from the latin word arcus?	chatbot: No I did not,  what does arcus mean?	human: It means archery in Latin. It used to be for Hunting and combat until now that its a sport	chatbot: That is fascinating.  Have you ever tried archery?	human: yes I have an I love it. It's a classy sport :)	chatbot: Yes it is.  My youngest son tried it in cub scouts, he had problems but enjoyed trying. 	human: In today's world its a competitive sport, I think they even have it at the olympics
consistent-00	human: I know I shouldnt have felt the way I did but man it was hard when my daughter threw a fit at the store! 	chatbot: What did happen in the store? Why did your daughter throw a fit?	human: Oh she couldn't get something she wanted you know how it is.	chatbot: Does she do that a lot?	human: Well shes a teenage girl, very emotional at times. 	chatbot: Oh I understand. My little sister used to be the same way. Luckily it's just a phase.	human: Hope she will grow out of it	chatbot: Maybe find something to do with her to cheer her up. Have you gone clubbing before?	human: I don't drink, i have to stay fit for playing the the league.	chatbot: I don't drink either, i jsut like going out and dancing.	human: Its good for fitness i guess. 
consistent-00	human: Me and my mom were at this grocery store recently and this guy started following us outside the store and then again inside the store it was so scary!	chatbot: Did he do anything to you and your mom?	human: Well I knew he was following us and so I asked the manager to walk us out to the car and when he did we saw the guy come out again from between the two buildings b/c he was waiting on us.  so scary!
consistent-00	human: do you have a dog , i've a dog and we walk for a long time .	chatbot: nope , just my lizard gila .	human: yes i have a puppy	chatbot: I have always wanted one. Especially because you can dress them up in purple!	human: i love dogs.what do you when you are free	chatbot: I do a little bit of both working and watching/listening to TV, I play games, how about you?	human: i like walking at the park with my dog and sometimes go to the gym	chatbot: That's great exercise. What's your favorite workout? Have you tried Kettlebells? You should try Spartan Racing!	human: i haven't tried those yet i will try them out. i love yoga
consistent-00	human: 1	chatbot: What was that?	human: soory it was mistakenly typed. 	chatbot: It's okay.  
consistent-00	human: I used to bowl all of the time when I was younger	chatbot: I still do, sometimes as a sport or leisure activity.	human: are you on a team, my dad was always on a bowling team when I was growing up	chatbot: Usually i just play with a friend and the pins are knocked down every time I play!	human: I always liked to bowl but was never very good at it, I am good at Wii bowling lol!!	chatbot: Does Wii bowling have the maximum score of 300 or some other score?	human: I dont remember it has also been years since I have played that one too	chatbot: I see, I have a flat wooden or other synthetic surface in my house so I can bowl in the privacy of my home!	human: oh that is exciting, if I could bowl in my own home that would be awesome
consistent-00	human: hello ! how you are doing ?	chatbot: good thanks and you ?	human: Great.  Just finished eating a late steak dinner.	chatbot: Oh that sound delicious. I love a good steak. Did you cook it or buy it?	human: I ordered out for this one.  It was so good. 	chatbot: Where did you get it? I love one from Outback.
consistent-00	human: hiya , just wondering if you have any hobbies ? i love skateboarding	chatbot: i love listening to the who .	human: cool group . i am not into music much , i do not have much time	chatbot: do you work a lot ? i work at a local supermarket here in ohio .	human: no , i do not seem to have a job just skateboarding with all my friends !	chatbot: are you able to travel ? i ve never let ohio .	human: i like travel and follow rob dryden around . would you like to travel	chatbot: yes . i want to go to chicago for black olive pizza . my fave .	human: my fave too ! always hungry after skateboarding . what else do you like ?	chatbot: my kitty spook . do you like cats ?
consistent-00	human: Someone helped me move.	chatbot: Were they a close friend? And did you pay them with pizza?	human: Yes,  and I paid them with beer. I was thankful because I had a toe injury.
consistent-00	human: good afternoon , where are you coming from today ?	chatbot: hi there . i am coming from my snack shop in new york . you ?	human: i've just arrived from germany	chatbot: nice . get acquainted with our culture . you like taylor swift ? i love and met her !	human: i do like taylor swift ! i also like cooking shows and making hummus	chatbot: nice . she has nice hair style and color . mine is short , brown and curly .
consistent-00	human: What are the odds of winning it?	chatbot: Well the card game is usually between several players and a dealer, so the odds would depend on that.	human: You can actually count cards to make an informed guess, but it is usually frowned upon in casinos.	chatbot: I don't have the best of luck at casinos.	human: Yes, I am a dealer in a casino, and I can say that it takes tons of practice.	chatbot: Do you have to have a special talent to be a dealer?	human: No, not really. You can generally learn the skills on the job while being trained, but it helps to be outgoing.	chatbot: Is it fun learning to become a dealer?
consistent-00	human: hello ! how are you doing today ?	chatbot: great . i've a few minutes until i go to work at the supermarket .	human: oh that is fun ! i'm about to go help a homeless shelter	chatbot: you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	human: i am in new york . very nice a cold	chatbot: i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	human: why is that ? traveling is very important	chatbot: i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	human: that is the name of my violin !
consistent-00	human: I know a few girls that cheerlead at my college. They are beautiful and really friendly!	chatbot: Many universities in Australia have distinctive clothes.	human: Cheerleading	chatbot: Cheerleading includes activities such as chanting mottoes and very intense physical activity.	human: Cool, do you know how common cheerleading is in australia?	chatbot: Cheerleading started in the US. It's mostly an American sport.
consistent-00	human: ha and i'm eating ice cream	chatbot: i have a flower arrangement that would go well with the ice cream	human: What kind of flower arrangement?	chatbot: It is an orchid arrangement. You know us vegetarians, we love our plants!	human: Orchids were the flowers that were at my parents' funeral.
consistent-00	human: Have you ever owned one? Is there any risks to owning one that you know of?	chatbot: I've never owned one. There are a few risks, as some of them are not exactly "pet-friendly," since they have antipredator adaptations, things like venom, and reflex bleeding, along with other non-painful tactics like camouflage and being able to sacrifice their own tails and regrow them to escape!	human: That sounds cool! How long have you had a lizard?	chatbot: No I have not owned one, I have several other pets to deal with.	human: What type of pets are they?	chatbot: I have two small dogs and a cat that I love to bits!	human: I've always been a dog person but cats are also up there for me.	chatbot: I know they are like my babies, I enjoy spoiling them on a daily basis!
consistent-00	human: My family is very loving. They care about me so much.	chatbot: That's good to have a loving family.	human: I agree. I hope you are also close to your family!
consistent-00	human: O i thought it was in spain? See I just learned something new!	chatbot: Haha, yes, something else you might not have known: the movements have it's origina in Peurto Rican bomba and plena, Cuban Son, cha-cha-cha, mambo and a few more. Have you heard of these dancemoves?	human: I have heard of the cha-cha and mambo. The others are new to me. Do you like to go dancing?	chatbot: Yes, I like dancing a lot but I step on toes sometimes with stylized steps. I can do a little salsa, though.	human: That is wonderful! I don't dance. However, I love the costumes! If I see one that I like, I just buy it!	chatbot: The costumes are the best! Especially flamingo garb.	human: Yes! I like to collect quite a bit of vintage costumes. I have quite the collection. Do you collect also?	chatbot: Hmmm, my collection is mostly special paint brushes.	human: That sounds neat! Where do you shop for them at?	chatbot: Sometimes new online, but also some artists keep their brushes in good condition and a really good one usually comes from Germany.	human: Oh! I did not know that. Fascinating! 	chatbot: Yeah, the wood quality and the brush hairs can make all the difference with certain brush strokes styles.
consistent-00	human: yes it is very expensive though . how was your day ?	chatbot: its been good . i'm about to go on a run	human: Have you ever ran a mile?	chatbot: Yeah i usually run about 3 miles every day. 	human: I try to run a good bit as well but I do it every other day.	chatbot: That is good. I usually try to run in the mornings to help clear my head for the day. 	human: I always go in the evening or at night I am not a morning person.	chatbot: I have always been a morning person. I enjoy the fresh crisp morning air!	human: I tend to have trouble sleeping so I never have been one.	chatbot: That is tough. Have you ever talked to a doctor about your trouble sleeping?	human: No, I do not go to the doctor for any thing really they are expensive.	chatbot: Yes without insurance they can be extremely expensive. 	human: Do you run competitively? 
consistent-00	human: hey how are you doing today	chatbot: hello , doing fine my name is mark and i work at home .	human: hi mark and money is always nice what you do for work	chatbot: i've a trust fund and i like to workout and socialize every day .	human: that good went to doctor today i down to 350 pounds lost 20 so far	chatbot: great , you need to try my gym do you date ?	human: i go on facebook and try to get a date it hard out there	chatbot: yeah i never had a serious relationship .	human: that to bad since i take care of elderly i think that's a good quality	chatbot: do you like dogs and cats ? how about popcorn ?
consistent-00	human: I got woken up by my roommate and I swear his voice is the last thing you want to hear in the middle of the night,  sent the fear of God through my veins	chatbot: That's kind of odd. I probably would have tried to take a swing just out of pure instinct. What was the reason they wanted to wake you up?	human: I don't know,  I didn't answer,  pretended I was asleep	chatbot: Hahaha.. that's kind of goofy in a way. Yeah,  sometimes nothing good can come of people trying to get your attention randomly in the middle of the night. That's probably the wisest choice. I probably wouldn't be able to act that good enough to pull it off.
consistent-00	human: We decided to try and buy a new kind of sausage from the store. It's SUPER cheap	chatbot: Was it any good?	human: It was! I was super nervous about it though cause of how cheap it was 	chatbot: Sometimes the cheap things are the best
consistent-00	human: My family and I are close to aquiring a new home.	chatbot: That's awesome!  What kind of house is it?	human: IIt is an older home in need of some repairs.  We can't wait to get started on renovations.	chatbot: That's gonna be a lot of fun,  but a lot of work.  Good luck!
consistent-00	human: hello , how are you ? i think the best color is yellow , do you agree ?	chatbot: yes yellow is fine how are you doing i'm okay .	human: do you like sports ? my favorite is gymnastics . i spend 4 hours working out each day .	chatbot: it is okay cool i used to play football in school .	human: in fact , i am an olympian gold medalist winner . what do you do ?	chatbot: i am disabled now so i drink coffees and stay home .	human: i see , i sure do love my coffee . cannot live without it .	chatbot: great me too i like writing poetry very creative . unique .	human: poetry is lovely , i enjoy reading it .	chatbot: i also am a big fan of the star wars movies the old ones was good .	human: i am not much of a star wars fan to be honest .
consistent-00	human: I studied so hard for my bar exam so that I could become a lawyer. I prepared for almost 3 months straight!	chatbot: wow,  you're so determined! Did you pass your exam?	human: I did pass! It was a rough 3 months,  but once I got there,  I felt like I was ready.
consistent-00	human: My wife has been out of the country for two months,  and is coming back in a week!	chatbot: Oh wow,  I bet you can't wait! I remember when I had to spend a summer overseas and it was awful to be away from my husband.	human: It sure is.  It's just been me and the dogs all summer,  I've gotten super bored :P	chatbot: Well,  she'll be back soon and you'll have loads of catching up to do. I bet the dogs missed her too!
consistent-00	human: I hated accounting in college, I was terrible at it.	chatbot: Accounting is a measurement process.Do you study accounting at school?	human: Only took two course for my business degree because it was required.	chatbot:  Financial reporting and accounting as synonymous as a field of study?	human: Just basic knowledge, but it was a brutal year to say the least.	chatbot: Yeah! It has to do with complex calculation of various items on the Debit and Credit column according to the  Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB	human: Exactly, I hated doing that, its so dry and not interesting. 
consistent-00	human: how are you doing today	chatbot: i am wonderful how are you	human: i'm doing really well	chatbot: i'm glad to hear that . i'm dying my hair	human: what color are you going to do it	chatbot: i like red but it may come out purple	human: has that happened to you before	chatbot: no but i've an addiction to looking at things on the internet
consistent-00	human: hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	chatbot: that is nice i wish i played an instrument	human: i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	chatbot: that's cool i do not like my job	human: i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	chatbot: i've a job in a nursing home	human: ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	chatbot: maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time	human: i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .
consistent-00	human: the walking dead is an american zombie post apocalyptic tv show	chatbot: Is it any good?	human: yes its great, Andrew Lincoln  plays the main character he is such a good actor	chatbot: What other actors are in the show?	human: not sure, but I know it takes place in atlanta gorgia and later virginia	chatbot: where is that?
consistent-00	human: Cardigans make me look dapper.	chatbot: I agree. They're associated with the Roaring Twenties which had many classy dressing styles.	human: Do you know if there are any made out of a material other than cotton?	chatbot: Not sure, but they are knitted so I'm guessing lots of different materials can be used.	human: Are they knitted by hand?	chatbot: They can be machine or hand knitted.	human: How did cardigans become so popular?
consistent-00	human: I really enjoy listening to rap music, particularly Kendrick Lamar.	chatbot: Interesting, I don not know much about rap music, can you tell me more?	human: Rap evolved out of the hip hop genre which was developed in the 1970s in the Bronx.	chatbot: I know a few rappers, Eminem, 50 cents, who is your favorite rapper besides, Kendrick Lamar?	human: While I also love Eminem, particulalry his 2000s work, I prefer Childish Gambino's current take on American social issues within his music.	chatbot: I see, What about female rappers? any favorite?	human: I discovered Lil Kim through the album "Conspiracy" which was developed by the group Junior M.A.F.I.A.	chatbot: Yes I've heard her song, the one ft. Ciara. Do you have any favorite rap song, Which you recommend? 
consistent-00	human: I took my final exams a few weeks ago and I was sure I had done well,  but I failed.	chatbot: Oh I'm so sorry to hear that!	human: I don't know what happened. I studied and passed everything else. Now I have to retake the class and I'm upset
consistent-00	human: i am doing reasonably well . how about you ?	chatbot: i'm good do you have shoes	human: I do	chatbot: That's excellent, what's your favorite, I have tons of favorites.	human: Probably Nike tennis shoes.	chatbot: I love nike designs, their footwear is some of the most comfortable and stylish stuff I've ever worn.	human: Indeed it is. The children at the school I teach at always love to see my new shoes.
consistent-00	human: Have you ever had the lack of motivation? The lack of desire, needs, or actions?	chatbot: Oh yes! There are times when I really need to get something done but just can't muster the enthusiasm.	human: Motivation can also repeat itself. It is ones way to behavior. Its what causes the repeating of a certain behavior.	chatbot: How do you mean? Do you have an example, as I really need motivating sometimes.	human: You need to find a motive for motivation. A motive prompts someone to act a certain way. 	chatbot: So, say I need to go to the store and can't be bothered. My motivation would be that I don't have any food in the house. Is that what you mean?	human: Sure. Motivation is also a word that is part of pop culture. This is according to Maehr and Meyer.
consistent-00	human: i do not have kids . many of my friends do .	chatbot: are their houses clean ? mine always seems dirty , i dislike cleaning it .	human: my favorite sport is football and im literally mad about it , do you have any favorite sports?	chatbot: I have two kids so the only sports im into are the ones they play,soccer and hockey.	human: do you enjoy playing with your kids?	chatbot: I love it!but it wears me out and gets incredibly expensive.
consistent-00	human: hello ! i've a red motorbike with blue stripes , how about you ?	chatbot: hi i'm a pretty outdoorsy person	human: i love to ride my motorbike outdoors , with a helmet to protect my head .	chatbot: yeah that is smart i do a lot of kayaking	human: fun ! i am a waitress during the day . what is your work ?	chatbot: i am still in school at graduate school	human: ah , i see . what do you study ?	chatbot: i am studying science cause i love nature	human: being outside is fantastic .
consistent-00	human: My dog pooped on the rug yesterday. I was so mad!	chatbot: Is your dog still a puppy?	human: No. I think he is upset that I got a cat and let me know about it. 	chatbot: They will definitely do that.  What type of dog?	human: she is a black lab and just turned 10 . Spoiled a bit because I work from home doing editing so she gets lots of attention and walks	chatbot: Must still act like a puppy.  Labs are so nice.	human: yes she acts like she is still a puppy sometimes especially when she sees a squirrel 	chatbot: LOL.  I had one growing up.  I miss him.
consistent-00	human: So I managed to get all my school shopping done this week so the kids have all their things ready to go for tomorrow!	chatbot: Cool I just finished today	human: I got an early start this year.  Most years I start late and they're out of stuff I need by the time I get around to it.	chatbot: Yeah we had a hard time today lol	human: And then the stores get so crowded after a certain point!  	chatbot: I am going to do like you next year for sure!
consistent-00	human: I love a good hotdog! It's a delicious sausage sandwich.	chatbot: Add a little mustard to it and a coke and that's a fine meal.	human: Absolutely! Need to get me some homemade mustard plants.	chatbot: LOL! What other quick meals do you like? For example grilled cheese with chips?	human: i love buter on my grilled cheese!	chatbot: I agree, good ole comfort food. 	human: Lol yes. Have you seen the episode of Glee about Grilled Cheesus?
consistent-00	human: I have been feeling very faithful these days. My lover treats me so well.	chatbot: That is interesting,  how does he buy you stuff or is he just really nice?	human: He is really nice and provides for me well. He is also very sweet and very respectful.	chatbot: I am happy for you wish I could find a nice lover like that.
consistent-00	human: I tried to learn snow skiing.  I just never did very well. So I don't like it	chatbot: I have always enjoyed it.  I am not that good either.  Skiing has been around for over 5 thousand years	human: That is a long time.  Was it invented in the Nordic countries?	chatbot: Modern skiing is traced back to Scandinavia.  However, there is evidence it was practiced in China many years before that	human: China-that is interesting.  WHy are modern skis so long?	chatbot: They are long and narrow strips that allow for gliding over snow	human: Were the Chinese skiis made the same way long ago? I think I would be better with snowshoes.	chatbot: I believe that China used something more like a snowshoe.  It had a hardwood frame and lacings	human: Now that is interesting. I know I could do better.  Long skiis always cross in front of me.  Can't keep them straight.
consistent-00	human: I was just thinking about how a few years ago,  we lost our cat.	chatbot: Oh no!  What happened to it?	human: It was the first time he had gotten outside and he didn't come back that night. He was hit by a car. :(	chatbot: So sad!  I am sorry.  Don't feel too bad its natural for them to want to be outside.
consistent-00	human: I can't find another way to earn money	chatbot: There are usually many ways,  but it depends on what you want to do!	human: I just want to work from home	chatbot: Well,  we all want to work from home but it takes a lot of work and sweat to make that a reality for most of us
consistent-00	human: I'm a big fan of the TV show The Walking Dead. Have you seen it?	chatbot: I have! I really enjoy it too! Neegan is scary!	human: Yeah, it really surprised me to learn that it was based on a comic book series!	chatbot: A comic? I had no idea! I don't care for comics much, but my nephew loves them!	human: Yep, the comics it was based on were written by Robert Kirkman, who also has a lot of control over the TV show and has written several episodes.	chatbot: That's awesome! I love when the original writers influence the tv shows/movies!
consistent-00	human: just roses so i've time to swim . used to be good in college .	chatbot: i meant to ask what colors are you growing ? swimming is fun .	human: I am currently trying to grow some red and white roses, they are beautiful. Do you like gardening?	chatbot: Unfourtnally I can't grow anything.	human: That is unfortunate! I also have to be careful because my cat pickles likes to eat my plants	chatbot: That is such a cute name for a cat. I wish my landlord allowed pets, I would love to have a cat.	human: He once ate a whole jar of pickles, hence why 'pickles'! You are not allowed to have any pets?	chatbot: No the landlord doesn't allow for any pets so that they don't destroy the floors.	human: But if you could buy your own carpet and put on the floor, the floor would be protected!	chatbot: I never thought of that, I need to bring that idea to them and maybe they will go for it.	human: Yes, do so! Using good argument and offering to pay for the stuff on your own always works with landlords haha	chatbot: I hope it works, I haven't had a pet since I was a really young child and would love to have one again.
consistent-00	human: Do you like Chihuahua's? I think they are cute, and their name origin is interesting to me, it is the smallest breed of dog	chatbot: Yeah I love them! I own one! They are so friendly and nice! 	human: Dogs in general are so cute, it is crazy to me that they evolved from extant gray wolves, as wolves are so much different, it is hard to believe they are ancestors	chatbot: It's amazing how humans domesticated and bred dogs down to create the dogs we have today. Early dogs were bread to ease everyday task. 	human: Yeah, while the origins of dogs are not really clear, it is clear humans had a role in that process, which amazes me, as we have created so many different and varying breeds of dogs	chatbot: The Dochen was used back in the day to hunt out rabbits from holes in the ground for hunters to shoot 
consistent-00	human: Green is a color between blue and yellow	chatbot: OH YES I ALSO LIKE IT	human: It is evoked by light 	chatbot: YES ITS VERY CORRECT	human: It is used in painting and color printing 	chatbot: OH COLOR PRINTING IS SO NICE TO SEE	human: The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll
consistent-00	human: I do like to sew, although I don't have as much time for it as I'd like. I did some cross stitch when I was younger. 	chatbot: Interesting! Are you interested in the history of sewing? Back in the paleolithic age sewing was used to stitch together animal hides for clothing and shelter	human: Ok, I guess that was a bit out of nowhere!	chatbot: Lol...I'm a bit of a trivia geek.	human: Well, trivia and sewing go hand in hand...	chatbot: yeah tea, knitting needles and inane knowledge. A Holy Trinity.	human: lol, that's the one!
consistent-00	human: how amazing ! i live in ny but miss the farm life in kansas .	chatbot: i have only been to ny once but would love to come back .	human: It's a nice place to visit, but living here is a different story. I miss the simple life. 	chatbot: I bet you had culture shock. My parents also visited NY last year; it was their 40th wedding anniversary.
consistent-00	human: I think tv shows make me into a mushy person at times.	chatbot: What types of tv shows do you like to watch?	human: Everything really,  I just know I'm going to cry if it's sad even if I've seen it before.
consistent-00	human: My favorite color is green.  I love Money, green lights when i am driving, and the color of plants.  Green is fantastic!!!	chatbot: Green is great! it is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.	human: Yes it is. It is also the color of Emeralds, and sometimes the color of camouflage.	chatbot: I have read it has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.	human: Hmmm that is very interesting.  It is also the national color of Ireland, the dress that the Mona Lisa is wearing, the benches in the british house of commons, and the color of the banner of Islam.	chatbot: Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by using green to blend in.	human: Yes, that is camouflage.  It is the color most closely associated with spring, nature, health, youth, hope and envy.  i love green. It is so versatile.
consistent-00	human: I've been saving up for a new car for the past month and am making great progress!	chatbot: Thats awesome!  What kind of car do you want	human: I want an SUV,  like an Xterra or 4runner. They are pricy though!	chatbot: Well I really hope you are able to save up and get it soon!
consistent-00	human: i've to travel to ritzy parts of town , where i work in a dental office .	chatbot: really ? cool , i use to ki in college	human: what was that like?	chatbot: It was very tiring at first but I got the hang of it and it's really relaxing.	human: good to hear, what do you do in it?	chatbot: I meditate and try to get the life energy to flow within me. This eases me.	human: sounds pleasant. i wish i had the time to relax as such.	chatbot: just being aware of the moment is a kind of meditation . helps calm the spirit .	human: thanks for the advice, i'll make good use of it in the future. what do you like to do in your free time?	chatbot: I really like just being able to escape to a different world.	human: have you ever had any interesting experiences doing so?	chatbot: Yea! This one time I traveled to Japan and had a shiba dog companion.	human: i love shibas! did anything happen during that Japan trip?
consistent-00	human: Do you like Nickelback? What can you tell me about him so I can be convinced to listen to his songs?	chatbot: I used to like Nickelback but they haven't done anything worth it in many years.	human: Really?  isn't that a good thing. Artist who release music very often are usually not serious artist thats what I think though	chatbot: They released The best of Nickelback and then vanished.
consistent-00	human: hi , i feel sold , in a juvenile detention for shoplifting	chatbot: that is to bad , where is your family	human: my mom is here though , visiting . jamaica mane	chatbot: what do you do to pass the time	human: mom is coming tomorrow to visit i meant	chatbot: do you get to go to school	human: i talk to the squirrels who call me a nut	chatbot: very funny , do you get to read , i find it relaxing	human: yeah school of hard knocks
consistent-00	human: Green is halfway between blue and yellow.	chatbot: really?  equal parts blue and yellow - is that what you mean?	human: I mean it is halfway between those on the visible spectrum. The largest creator of green in nature is the chemical chlorophyll. 	chatbot: oh yeah on the 'wheel' thing, right? I didn't know what caused green in nature - that's a cool fact!	human: It is! And during the middle ages, green was associated with merchants and the gentry.	chatbot: was it because of money? (being green?)	human: I'm not sure, but it is also associated with Ireland all things Gaelic.
consistent-00	human: It was pretty shocking for me to learn that I have failed my Calculus exam when I had studied so hard for it	chatbot: Ahhh.  Math.  I have certainly been there before.  I am so sorry!  Is there any way to retake it?	human: I have to go in early and take it again, but I only get one chance. I got lucky she said I could retake it.	chatbot: I hope it goes better this time. Math is definitely not my favorite subject. I would rather be mushroom hunting with my paps.	human: Mushroom hunting? That sounds interesting. What exactly is it?	chatbot: There is a specific kind I like to look for, and pick. They are really nice when you fry them up. Do you have any hobbies?	human: That is really interesting. Fried mushrooms are really good. I enjoy listening to and reviewing rock music. 	chatbot: That sounds really cool. Do you have any favorite rock musicians
consistent-00	human: hello , taylor here . i've six children . one daughter and one mini van .	chatbot: i am 4 . i've trouble talking to people .	human: wow ! y ou shy huh ? my little league team won again so i had some wine .	chatbot: i don't know little league . i want to be a dog .	human: great ! madison , larry , ike , chris and paul are my sons . woof woof ! you sexy dog .	chatbot: i like to eat chocolate too . do you like chocolate ?	human: no ! i love coffees . my mini van is yellow . you drive or drink wine ?	chatbot: my mom won't let me , she said i am too little .	human: wow ! i love coffee in the morning and wine at night . i am a baseball coach .	chatbot: when i look at my blocks i like to sing about the letters .
consistent-00	human: I like Harry Potter and the book series by J.K. Rowling, as well as the movies.  Are you familiar with them?	chatbot: very familiar, even better then the books and movies are the audio versions with Jim Dale narraiting 	human: I had no idea that there was an audio series, Jim Dale sounds like he must have a great voice and presence.  Have you heard of the legal disputes that Rowling has with others?  (I'm not!)	chatbot: If you get a chance listen to them, Jum Dale has won awards for his narriation. I have not heard of any legal stuff at all??	human: It's basically Rowling and publisher going after folks trying to profit off of their work (e.g., writing unauthorized sequels, etc).  Sadly it's a real thing!  There are a lot of copycats and plagiarists out there.	chatbot: If I was her I would peruse that whole heartily, that is just wrong.
consistent-00	human: I just bought an Xbox! I've never owned a gaming console before	chatbot: Excellent! Are you enjoying it?	human: I am! I bought Halo and am ready to ride.	chatbot: Sick. I hope it's as fun as it looks!
consistent-00	human: hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	chatbot: hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .	human: my turtle and myself love to grill outside	chatbot: mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !	human: yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !	chatbot: i want to go next door and play with my best friend , not work !	human: yeah i wanna gamble , i go gambling when time permits	chatbot: shame on you ! mommy says you should not gamble !
consistent-00	human: I love dogs! My favorite breed is the Goldendoodle! They're a crossbreed between and Golden Retriever and a Poodle.	chatbot: I have seen one before and they are so cute.	human: They are so fluffy and cute right?! The original purpose of the cross was actually to develop guide dogs suitable for those with allergies to dogs!	chatbot: Has it been successful for that purpose?	human: Yes, it has. Their coats do not shed, so it reduces allergies in humans.	chatbot: Is it completely safe for a person with a dog allergy?	human: I wouldn't say completely safe, but the fact that their coats do not shed reduces dander, which is a protein that sheds from the dog's skin and this is what will cause allergies to humans.
consistent-00	human: I have been seeing pictures of friends of mine traveling around Italy.	chatbot: How does that make you feel ?	human: I wish I were with them.  I love Italy	chatbot: I've never left the US. I've never been north of Kentucky.	human: Oh wow!  You are missing out.  I love traveling and seeing the world.
consistent-00	human: I am on the fence about pursuing a promotion opportunity at my work. I am nervous that I may not interview well.	chatbot: Don't be.I am sure you are ready.	human: You're are right, I shouldn't be afraid of a great opportunity.	chatbot: That's the spirit! You should listen to music to help you relax. 	human: Yes, my after school activities help. I love the band I am in	chatbot: That is great! I am in a band too in which I write songs for	human: That's cool, at my school we play all types of songs	chatbot: Do you play any instruments? I've taken music lessons since I was 5	human: I play trumpet and baritone, one day I would love to learn guitar.  	chatbot: I am sure you will get there. I must say guitar is my favourite instrument. You will pick it up easily! 
consistent-00	human: Green is my favorite color. Do you like green?	chatbot: I love green,  Green is the color between blue and yellow	human: Yes! Green is also one of the main colors in the RGB color model I believe. It is also a great shirt color.	chatbot: I have heard Green has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm	human: Interesting! Has green always been common throughout history? I wonder if it was on cave paintings.	chatbot: it was! and it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan	human: Neat! Yes it is fun to paint with yellow and blue to create green.
consistent-00	human: i am nervous , as per usual .	chatbot: if you eat healthier like me it could help with those nerves .	human: What do you mean by "eat healthier"?	chatbot: You could try and cut down on carbs and drink more water every day!	human: I guess I could try that.  I do like to eat popcorn while I am watching Netflix though!	chatbot: Oh man, I was watching Netflix way too late last night. Hence why I slept in this morning!	human: I wish I could have slept in!  But I've always got to be at the family store on Sundays	chatbot: Do you guys sell hair dye at the family store? I have brown hair but I want to try to dye my hair red.	human: No, my family owns an appliance store.  It's been in the family 3 generations	chatbot: Oh that is great. It stinks you have to work on Sunday though.
consistent-00	human: I tried to buy a newspaper this morning but it was sold out.	chatbot: buying newspaper? 21st century? sold out? whatt that's a first for me, here they practically give it away for free and we still have many more left, maybe you can use your phone or tablet to view it? 	human: My phone died and I could not find the charger for my phone so I wanted to get a newspaper.	chatbot: So you normally view the newspaper on your phone?	human: I usually do it is just the most convenient place for me to get caught up with the news.	chatbot: I prefer to read a newspaper. I guess I am old school like that. 	human: Why do you like getting news from a newspaper more?	chatbot: I find it easier to read words printed in ink. Plus I can clean windows with the newspaper when I am done reading it!	human: Yeah sometimes my eyes start to hurt after looking at a screen too long.	chatbot: Yeah. Do you ever use the blue light filter feature on your devices? 	human: No what is that?
consistent-00	human: that would be great ! tired of working in the family business .	chatbot: speaking of family , i have a son , he's 10 .	human: I used to work food service	chatbot: That's awesome! I would like to become a music teacher. Maybe after retirement.	human: That's cool. Having your own business sounds like a good start?	chatbot: I agree! I graduated in 86... I may have to go retake some business courses to refamiliarize!	human: Oh yeah, I used to work early until 5pm and go to school at night. You could certainly take a refresher!	chatbot: I sure hope I still have the brain for it. It's not as zippy as it used to be!
consistent-00	human: i am so hungry i could eat anything .	chatbot: me too , just got done feeding my horses and have some chili cooking	human: send me over a pot of that chili . eating for three here !	chatbot: eating for three ? are you having twins ? !	human: you bet . the other tellers are throwing me a housewarming baby shower . come on over .	chatbot: well i can certainly bring the chili then ! what part of the country you in ?	human: we are in georgia and my kids are out there chasing lightning bugs .	chatbot: i'm in kentucky myself , so kind of far	human: would still be nice to have you over at the new house . you'll love it .	chatbot: new house ? that is exciting . i live on a horse ranch	human: i've never been to a real horse ranch before . what is it like ?	chatbot: i love riding so its great . have 3 arabians myself	human: do they have names and would you show my children how to ride ?	chatbot: they do . siegfried , beowulf , and hector . and absolutely .
consistent-00	human: veggies and fruits are good for you .	chatbot: they sure are , too bad i don't eat them enough	human: I did not eat them much either. This year I changed my diet and that feels better.	chatbot: I should probably change mine too because i have become round and my cheeks are getting bigger	human: And It  is hard to loose that weight. I was even working in improving my appearance because I did not pay attention to that at all. 	chatbot: Yeah I tried it earlier but it is harder than it seems	human: That is true, I even grew a beard for the fist time. I looked different.	chatbot: really!!! how old are you?	human: I am already a mature person, more than forty but I like to keep a young spirit.  I love sports and music. What about you?	chatbot: i just 31 this year . feeling like i need to get my life moving
consistent-00	human: I stole my friend's Pokemon card when we were 7. I still feel guilty about it.	chatbot: Wow,  7 years? You were really young then	human: Yes	chatbot: But did you tell your friend about it later?
consistent-00	human: i love cheerleading!	chatbot: it is fun Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as "cheerleaders") cheer	human: where was it started?	chatbot: Im not sure, from chanting slogans to intense physical activity it is fun!	human: i bet!	chatbot: I like that  It can be performed to motivate sports teams	human: that sounds interesting	chatbot: it really is, Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes	human: any schools offer it?
consistent-00	human: There was this one time I was driving down the road,  and this guy on a sports bike popped a wheelie.. It was so sick!	chatbot: Nice,  I wish I could do a wheelie!	human: I know! I do too.. I think I need to learn to ride a sports bike first.. Hehe oops!
consistent-00	human: hello , how are you doing tonight ?	chatbot: good , how are you tonight ?	human: i am great , just chillin playing some guitar
consistent-00	human: I have a friend with loaded parents. She doesn't work but has anything she wants anytime she wants.	chatbot: Wow,  must be nice. My parents were really poor- still are. 	human: Mine aren't poor but they aren't loaded. They struggle. Same for me. I work my butt of for what I have.	chatbot: Yeah me too. I like that though,  I like earning my way. 	human: Same. I do wish I had a little bit more money to do a few more things though.
consistent-00	human: Do you remember those old coca cola christmas ad with the 18 wheeler. They remind me of my childhood.	chatbot: I do remember that and I think there is a lot of nostalgia there	human: Yes.  Also reminds me of growing up and the fact my mom was a weightlifter	chatbot: speaking of nostalgia i was watching star trek on netflicks it gave me the option of setting the audio to klingon	human: haha, that is funny.  You have any ideas how to fix feet odor?  nothing I've tried has worked	chatbot: ya piss on them while in the shower. seems to get rid of my stinky foot madonna swears by it.	human: Oh wow, never would have thought that.  You have any hobbies?	chatbot: I like playing tonsil hockey with random back packers.	human: sounds very fun, I should try that sometime	chatbot: right they're very unsuspecting, did you order pizza? 	human: Everyday, today I'm waiting on my BBQ tofu with stuff crust.  10 more minutes and its free
consistent-00	human: ohh, that's what it is. that sounds like fun. how can you grill on the back of your car?!	chatbot: Its where you bring a portable grill and lay it on your tailgate, usually on a truck, But most people I know do it even if their vehicles dont have tailgates.	human: That sounds like a ton of fun to have with friends!	chatbot: its extremely fun!	human: What kind of events do you typically have tailgate parties?	chatbot: College Football games and Basketball Games are the best events! 	human: Sounds like a great time.	chatbot: It is if you enjoy being out socially! 	human: I do, I missed a lot growing up in foster care system, but I went to community college which I was able to socialize.	chatbot: I'm glad you were able to experience socialization, and i'm sorry about your coming up in foster care. I know that can be hard.	human: It wasn't easy but I had great supporters. 
consistent-00	human: I've driven through part of it. I didn't get spend any real time there. Is it nice?	chatbot: It is very pretty, its considered the blue grass state.	human: Oh, I think I would enjoy traveling around the states more. Do you travel much?	chatbot: I try to travel a few times a year. I love visiting other places. Strangest thing was the petrified forest in arizona	human: Oh interesting! Arizona is different to any place I have ever been. 	chatbot: Do you have a favorite place you have visited? Mine would be Dublin, Ireland. The view from the Guinness sky bar is amazing 
consistent-00	human: I love cycling, for recreation AND for transportation. I usually unicycle everywhere, do you like to bike around?	chatbot: No, I dont. But, I do enjoy skateboarding.	human: Do you like Rodney Mullen's work at all? He's like a pioneer of pro skateboarding.	chatbot: Yes, I am a big Rodney Mullen fan. He is amazing.	human: A lot of people consider him the most influential skater because of how many tricks he has invented in his time.	chatbot: He invented many and still skates to this day!	human: Yeah he invented the Kickflip, it used to be called the magic flip but I guess that didn't sound cool enough lol.	chatbot: Magic flip is kind of lame. he also invented other tricks like the impossible.	human: Yeah some of my favorite tricks are freestyle tricks done from a stationary position, it's just so much harder to pull off.
consistent-00	human: what kind of surgery are you getting ?	chatbot: plastic so i can look better	human: What exactly do you want to change?	chatbot: Like actually changing your body?
consistent-00	human: hi i dye my hair 4 times a year	chatbot: do you live in the sky ? i do . in the clouds .	human: no i do not , i've a dream , it is to work from home	chatbot: i make time stop . i've a superpower . i'm a super hero .
consistent-00	human: I love dogs, I think my favorite is a Goldendoodle, have you ever heard of those?	chatbot: You mean the cress-breed dog, between a golden retriever and a Pooddle?	human: Yes that's the one, I love their curly hair!	chatbot: I am not sure I've seen then though,  Are they the ones that look like giant golden Poodles?	human: Yes they very much resemble golden poodles but with the ability to grow larger.	chatbot: They look quite funny then.  I know one of the great thing about labradoodles is that they are considered hypoallergenic.	human: Yes, that is a great feature, the term Goldendoodle was also coined in 1992.
consistent-00	human: Harry Potter is my favorite book series.	chatbot: the order of the phoenix was my favorite	human: Really? I think that one is really good as well. It really changes the atmosphere of the wizarding world.	chatbot: its actually the first book to talk about the magic community in britain 	human: Yeah, they do a really good job of integrating various landmarks into the book as well.	chatbot: the land oz written in 1900 does that too	human: Interesting, who is your favorite Harry Potter character?
consistent-00	human: The other day I was going through my things and I found my old Gamecube. I remember all the fun times I had playing with friends.	chatbot: Did it make you nostalgic?	human: SUPER nostalgic.  Basic as it sounds, I miss playing supermario etc with my friends	chatbot: I love Super Mario.	human: Same here! I'm super anxious, so playing newer mario games with my kids really throws me back	chatbot: I heard there were over 500 million Mario video games sold.  I guess we werent the only ones that like it.
consistent-00	human: how are you doing today	chatbot: i'm very well , thank you . you ?	human: i am doing very well	chatbot: i have two kids and like listening to the stones .
consistent-00	human: I have a ton of work to complete to earn my degree this year.	chatbot: Well good luck with that!	human: Thank you,  I have been compiling  data for 5 years,  my brain is totally absorbed by it.	chatbot: What are you studying?
consistent-00	human: I love to watch the Walking Dead TV show. Can you tell me about it?	chatbot: i love that show, The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series .	human: Yeah my favorite character is Daryl. I heard he will take over as leader in the next season.	chatbot: i liked glenn.... it was developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman.
consistent-00	human: Drinking a gallon of milk everyday makes me feel like an absolute madman in the gym who's gonna take over the world	chatbot: That doesn't sound healthy lol. Does it ever make you sick?	human: That's not the point,  gotta do it RAW
consistent-00	human: I saw a huge cockroach outside my house today!	chatbot: did you call the exterminator?	human: Not yet since it's the weekend. We live in Texas so they are common but still gross! I'm glad I haven't see any in my house.	chatbot: I live in Texas to so i know those feels
consistent-00	human: hello . do you walk the road of spirituality ?	chatbot: not really i tend to walk the road to the nearest shopping mall ! lol	human: understandable friend . the materialistic life has its appeal .	chatbot: unfortunately for me that means my home is filled with shoes and clothing . you ?	human: my home is filled with only the essentials for survival .	chatbot: you sound very centered . i like my life , my family doesn t seem to .	human: perhaps . but i live a life of solitude . i miss family .	chatbot: i like solitude too . maybe that s why i m infatuated with time and watches .	human: time given physical form is indeed intriguing . but meditation is my infatuation .	chatbot: isn t meditation just like napping ?	human: spiritual napping . full time spiritual napping . it has been three months since i talked in fact .
consistent-00	human: thanks ! do you work ? do you like it ?	chatbot: i do not work . between school work and hockey , i have no time .	human: you sound like your busy	chatbot: yeah i am, here in the united states there are such high expectations and i feel pressured to succeed 	human: that's gotta be hard - since your in school too - can't let it get to you	chatbot: yeah i try not too. being in school is like a full time job honestly and hockey ontop of that is overwhelming	human: school is a full time job! but when you graduate you will feel so less pressured for sure	chatbot: i agree. do you have any experience with the pressures of school or work??
consistent-00	human: my family came to visit recently,  i always get so nervous about people visiting. 	chatbot: That is 	human: I have to make sure the house is clean and that everything is in order before they arrive,  nerve wracking!
consistent-00	human: hello i am 8 years old how old are you ?	chatbot: hi , i am 20 . nice to meet you .	human: i love mackey mouse . what is your favorite character ?	chatbot: i like cartman . my favorite thing is shopping .	human: i meant mickey . cool i've a lot of friends and love the playground . do you ?	chatbot: sounds fun , yes i do ! shoes and watches are my favorites to shop for .	human: frozen songs are the best what songs are your favorite ?	chatbot: do you want to build a snowman !	human: oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	chatbot: no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	human: third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	chatbot: third grade was so fun ! good for you .
consistent-00	human: hi , how are you doing today ?	chatbot: i'm doing quite well thank you . how about yourself ?	human: not too bad . just watching zoo .	chatbot: i don't own a television , i prefer meditation .	human: nice . enjoy listening to country music .	chatbot: very nice . where are you from ? i am living in alaska currently .	human: never been to alaska . i live in nebraska .	chatbot: it is very beautiful . i recently quit my job so i can focus on my spirituality .	human: wow , i bet alaska is very beautiful .	chatbot: it is very desolate here , i enjoy the tranquility .	human: do you have any hobbies ?	chatbot: i like to garden and fish , how about you ?	human: i enjoy working on my two vintage cars in my spare time .
consistent-00	human: My husband might loose his job,  I'm not sure what we will do if he does. 	chatbot: That is terrible. Why do you think that he will lose his job?	human: The company is downsizing and cutting a lot of departments. His hasn't been cut yet but there are rumors!	chatbot: I understand. That is very stressful. Did he started looking for another jod? It could be solution.
consistent-00	human: i love the color green, it is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum	chatbot: Green is actually my favorite color too and I have green eyes.	human: oh i love green eyes .. the color green is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of rougly 495570nm	chatbot: I heard once that green eyes were some sort of mutation too.	human: yea well in subtractive color systems, it is used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue	chatbot: What else can you tell me about the color green?
consistent-00	human: When the weather was getting bad and it rained hard in our area,  I was ready for the flooding that was going to happen in our neighborhood. 	chatbot: That does not sound fun. What did you do to prepare. 	human: I had an emergency generator,  extra food and first aid kits at the ready. I did not want my family in danger.	chatbot: That is very smart thinking!
consistent-00	human: I got free pizza today!	chatbot: That's awesome! What pizza did ya get?	human: It pepperoni my favorite! Whats your favorite?	chatbot: My favorite is meat lover's Chicago style!
consistent-00	human: I did a little bit of cheerleading when I was younger. How about you?	chatbot: Yeah im still involved actually its till a team cheering as a form of encouragement.	human: Thats awesome. Do you take part in cheerleading competitions?	chatbot: Somtimes its is more of a intense physical activity now-a-days but sometimes we still do chants.	human: Thats cool. Do you know where cheerleading originated from?	chatbot: Well it originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America.	human: Is it predominantly females who participate in cheerleading or has it changed nowadays to more males taking part?	chatbot: Its mostly females still but in the late 18th century we saw a boom of young males being rebellious.	human: Can you make a living being a cheerleader? 
consistent-00	human: hello ! how are you tonight ?	chatbot: hey there , i'm doing pretty well , you ?	human: i am doing great ! i just got a new job . not glorious , but it pays the bills .	chatbot: i just started my new job two days ago , so same here . nothing i am proud of	human: still , that's great ! what do you do ?	chatbot: i just started at what a burger , not sure my position yet , only worked two days	human: i've never worked in fast food , but i do love burgers !	chatbot: fast food , is miserable won't lie . my father wanted me to take over his construction company	human: my parents never owned much , but there was never a shortage of love .	chatbot: my father could not show love , so i grew up with a lot of materialistic items	human: my natural parents couldn't show love either . i am adopted , you see .	chatbot: well , maybe it was more than just lack of love
consistent-00	human: Hi, do you have any advice on how to stay motived?	chatbot: For me Motivation is a word that is part of the popular culture as few other psychological concepts are, so you have to find your own ways to motivate yourself	human: Hmm, okay I see what you mean. What do you do to stay motivated when you have to do a rather mundane task? 	chatbot: Motivation as a desire to perform an action that you rather not, so you need to find the reason why, and hopefully change your mind :D	human: Ahh I see, so if I find a suitable reason why I should do a task I will find motivation easier. That sounds good to me. :)
consistent-00	human: I am not a butcher by any stretch, so always cut.  What about you?	chatbot: I usually buy them whole if I am having a big party, because it saves a lot of money, but I will eat them any way I can get them.  Do you have any other favorite cuts?	human: I prefer sirloin. What about yourself? I also am prone to demanding my meat rare. I want to hear it moo. 	chatbot: I'm a prime rib kind of guy myself. I like my steak medium though. I had it rare once and it made me sick	human: Oh, sorry to hear that! It isn't for everyone, I guess. So what do you do for a living? Or are you in school?	chatbot: Unfortunately I'm not working right now. But I plan on going back to school in the spring what about you?	human: Are you majoring in anything in particular?	chatbot: I'm trying to get a cybersecurity certification actually.  I don't have the cash for a 4 year school but computers pay out big!
consistent-00	human: i do not find much time for it . i do not imagine you do either ?	chatbot: i actually like to craft when the kids are at school	human: I think daycares are underrated. They let kids have so much expression and creativity and the employees should be paid more for that.	chatbot: Yes I agree most daycare workers are underpaid it's a very difficult job 	human: Agreed! Kids require patience that it seems like many of us don't have.	chatbot: another thing I think that can be under estmiated is the fact that a lot of kids come from broken homes and have emotional trouble	human: Exactly! Its heart breaking, and i hope daycares are well aware of that when some kids acta certain way.	chatbot: maybe it would help if they had some type of music program, I always found music relaxing and love all types, do You like music?
consistent-00	human: oh that sounds fun . what do you drive ?	chatbot: a mini van . if i was not a secretary , i'd drive sports car .	human: uuuuuu . . . oh yeah. My favorite was my old 86 mazda. Turbo was great.	chatbot: That's so cool. I love being on the wild side sometimes too, that's why I love swimming. Gives me a boost of energy every time
consistent-00	human: My girlfriend is fostering 3 cats. She's such a sweetheart.	chatbot: That's perfection. I rescue animals as well.and have many more cats then that lol. It is very needed to help cats	human: I liked my ex's cat better than i liked her 	chatbot: Lol thats funny.  Its easy to like animals a lot more than people.  Are cats your favorite animal?	human: yeah been eating them since i was young the local Chinese place cooks them well	chatbot: Oh, wow.  I've never tried cat, don't think I ever will.  How did they prepare them for you?	human: well generally they shave the with a bic shaver first i believe and then add them to the wok 
consistent-00	human: i am sorry to hear that . i am working on a lab right now .	chatbot: i'd love stuff like that , my dad is trying to force me to be a journalist .	human: oh really? is that something that interest you?	chatbot: Not really.  I"d rather do research in a lab.	human: i get that, labs can get interesting.  but my passion is gymnastics	chatbot: Rhythmic gymnastics is interesting because many people manipulate pieces like ropes or hoops. I could see why the rhythmic aspect makes it seem like a dance.	human: Being tall helps with different routines, and i have to be in shape to do it, so it is a lot of work	chatbot: True, you need good upper and lower body strength, as well as muscular endurance. I think it would be difficult.	human: yes because of this i have been considered well built but im afraid my passion wont pay the bills so thats why im in labs	chatbot: understandably , probably mostly brain power is needed .	human: yes does take a lot of consentration and smarts	chatbot: I'm sure it takes patience too.	human: of course.  but it can be rewarding with the final product
consistent-00	human: I love netflix, it is awesome, I just subscribed the ther day!	chatbot: Cool, it has streaming media and also DVD by mail. I only watch online.	human: Netflix original shows are the best in my opinon 	chatbot: I do like the Netflix originals. I also love the British shows as I am from London. You will love Netflix. There are so many choices!	human: Me and my family all really enjoy Netflix!
consistent-00	human: My friend slept with a girl I like. I feel horrible now	chatbot: Sheesh that is brutal,  did you smack him?	human: No,  but I don't think he is my friend any more	chatbot: I don't blame you,  that is low.
consistent-00	human: I have never been.	chatbot: Well back in 2013 it was the fastest growing city in the U.S.	human: Oh, really. I believe it. 	chatbot: How do you feel about coffee?  Seattle is definitely the place for it!	human: I love coffee!
consistent-00	human: I have a big exam for college coming up,  I have been studying day and night.	chatbot: What's the exam on?	human: It is for my molecular biology class,  I feel pretty good that I am going to Ace it. 	chatbot: I wish you good luck!
consistent-00	human: My favorite thing about games is that they come in infinite designs. What kind of games do you like?	chatbot: I really enjoy strategy games. Game design is currently a topic in metadesign.	human: Strategy games are the best! I prefer video games as a platform over board games, mainly because it takes up less space. How do you feel about video games?	chatbot: I'm a big fan of open world games like GTA! Games like that have inspired a lot of research in fields of AI and probability.	human: I like GTA too. I remember playing the first one back on the Playstation 1.	chatbot: Me too! They have come a long way and it is nice that it has made participation within groups avaliable.	human: I agree. I wonder what the future holds for video games.
consistent-00	human: do you watch sports ? i love watching hockey	chatbot: i watch ultimate disc league , soccer , hockey and golf with my son .	human: Yes, I do love sports its a good way to get exercise!	chatbot: good way to keep warm in Michigan, too. Ultimate Disc League is our favorite.
consistent-00	human: I used to be a cheerleader in high school, it was really fun.	chatbot: Oh really? Were you varsity level? Cheerleading must be some fantastic encouragement for the repsective team!	human: Oh no I wasn't, just at school, I quit before it got really serious. Cheerleading is also a sport of its own!	chatbot: Shrek prides himself for his green, foulness, would you say you are as confident as Shrek with your cheerleading?	human: Shrek was a fun character, I'm not sure about his level of confidence but I liked this movie.	chatbot: I loved Shrek so much I saw the Musical, Jeanine Tesori is a fantastic composer.	human: That's awesome, I've never seen this musical but I wish I had seen it. So Jeanine Tesori was a composer of a music in it?	chatbot: Yep she is a composer and arranger, what's the difference though really?	human: I'm not quite sure, these roles seem to go together. I value many composers like Hans Zimmer for example.
consistent-00	human: Have you ever heard of the group Guns N' Roses?	chatbot: Yes! GNR is one of my favorite rock bands from the 80s!	human: me too!  Do you remember when they came on the scene?  Like late 80's?	chatbot: I do.  The 80s was a great time for dance and new wave music.  I believe the 80s is the staple of what music is today.	human: probably so, I wonder what ever happend to Axel Rose and Slash?	chatbot: Slash is part of the band Velvet Revolver.  I've heard them play at a local rock fest we have here.	human: oh wow!  That is super cool!  I never saw them in concert, I bet it was good.
consistent-00	human: My husband and I have been married for 7 years and I've been faithful the whole tie.	chatbot: That great news.  I don't know how rare it is but in the 14 years I've been married we've seen a lot of other couples suffer with infidelity.	human: Yeah. Infidelity is a huge problem in this city.	chatbot: i hear some horrible stories that people do to their partners. it's awful	human: My older brother's wife cheated on him. It was heartbreaking.	chatbot: your poor brother. it's better to know in the end but the process of finding out is horific	human: Oh believe me it was. He opened Facebook and found she was seeing other guys.	chatbot: wow. people use technology and forget it's a paper trail of the deception
consistent-00	human: hey , tell me about yourself , what do you like to do for fun ?	chatbot: hello , i love to walk my dog and go to church events	human: i am a blonde girl , in great shape and rather skinny .	chatbot: so am i ! what do you do for work ?	human: i'm in college . but i love playing video games and listening to music .	chatbot: i'm a teacher . maybe you are one of my students	human: lol , maybe . i usually wear band shirts and ruffle sleeves , skinny jeans and leggings	chatbot: i like to wear skinny jeans too , except not for church every sunday .	human: i agree . i also have really short hair . do i sound familiar ?	chatbot: you do sound familiar . you always sit in the fri	human: yes , i hope i'm your favorite student . i do get great grades .	chatbot: you are . you should come with me next time i walk my dog	human: i love dogs and walking is great exercise . keeps me in shape .
consistent-00	human: So I just moved to a new city and havent really made any friends here yet. Im really missing my friends and family back home.	chatbot: Do you like your new city?	human: It's too early. I miss my old place.	chatbot: It takes time to adapt to a new city. Get involved in some groups to meet like minded people.	human: I'll try. Maybe painting classes. My mom is a painter.
consistent-00	human: I really enjoy reading biographies alot. I like to learn about people and their lives. 	chatbot: I agree.  How do you read?  You can access libraries online such as Cardiff Central Library's mobile library service.	human: I usually read on my Kindle. You?	chatbot: Yep I use Kindle too. Love ebooks! What's your favorite food?	human: Yes, ebooks are so handy! A great way to get my Stephen King Fix. As for food, I love Pad Thai	chatbot: Pad thai is good, but how about pizza? I love mushroom and sausage	human: Ooh, you have good taste. I love mushroom on pizza, but no sausage. I'm a vegetarian	chatbot: I enjoy a lot of great vegetarian recipes. do you have any favorites?	human: One thing I love is to blend cashew nuts as a parmesan substitute. It's amazing, you've got to try it!	chatbot: Sounds like a great idea. Ever used nutritional yeast?	human: Yeah, I love it! Especially for mac and cheese. what's your favorite vegetarian recipe?	chatbot: I love a good veggie pizza. tomatoes, spinach, and nutritional yeast	human: Mmmm, that sounds good. Now you're making me hungry.
consistent-00	human: am i alone in this chat room ?	chatbot: i'm here how are you ?	human: oh good , i was getting confused . i'm doing good , how about you ?	chatbot: i'm good i'm watching mean girls i love this movie	human: i love that movie as well . just watched it last weekend snuggled with my two pups .	chatbot: awe i have a pug and a cat !	human: since i am single at the moment , my dogs are a valued distraction .	chatbot: right ? i party a lot cause i am single and bored what do you do for fun	human: oh i love relaxing . bubble baths after a long day at work are just the best .	chatbot: nice ! i do a lot of charity work like food banks do you ?
consistent-00	human: Have you ever been skiing?	chatbot: No I haven't. I'm way too scared. I know some people do it competitively, recreationally, or use it as a mean of transportation.	human: Good. Because I hate it! Snowboarding too! That's just like skiing, but with one BIG ski!	chatbot: It's a shame though. Since skiing has existed for almost five millennia!	human: Wow. That's crazy. I didn't know that!	chatbot: The word ski comes from Old Norse which means a split piece of firewood or wood	human: Interesting. I'd rather bobsled.	chatbot: What about about cross-country skiing? That's where people move across all the snow-covered terrain rather than just using ski lifts.	human: That sounds more fun than regular skiing. 
consistent-00	human: The other day I was getting a glass out the cabinet and There sat a spider 	chatbot: Ew,  I hate spiders. We are in the process of getting them out of our garage.	human: I hate the little things too! It was IN the glass at that! 	chatbot: Oh no,  throw it away!!!!
consistent-00	human: I like the post-apocalyptic horror show called the Walking Dead. How about you?	chatbot: I used to like it but it got bad in my opinion	human: Yeah, I can understand that. Do you like Fear the Walking Dead? It's a companion prequel to the Walking Dead.	chatbot: Oh ive heard of it but never watched it	human: I like some of it, more so the earlier seasons. It's set in LA, and then later on in Mexico. It follows a family that can sometimes be dysfunctional.	chatbot: Oh thats weird, i liked the first few seasons	human: Oh, I didn't think you had seen it. What about Weird Tales? It's a horror fiction magazine.
