self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. there.	human:  What are you listening to?	chatbot:  All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me. sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human:  That's great!	chatbot:  Thanks. Thanks.	human:  Do you chat here often?	chatbot:  I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to. all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human:  Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	chatbot:  Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic. a good topic.	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  What else do you think of her? else do you think of her?	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  Is she your favorite artist? artist?	human:  . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	chatbot:  Taylor Swift... Taylor Swift...	human:  . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi. This is a pleasant surprise. a pleasant surprise.	human:  Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	chatbot:  Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning? morning?	human:  Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	chatbot:  I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting? But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human:  Yes	chatbot:  Where to? to?	human:  Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how is your day? your day?	human:  It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	chatbot:  It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read? from walking my dog What book did you read?	human:  I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No, what is it about? is it about?	human:  It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	chatbot:  Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human:  Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	chatbot:  Yes! Yes!	human:  The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) you? :)	human:  I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	chatbot:  Oh no! Get well soon! :) :)	human:  thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	chatbot:  No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :) better soon then! :)	human:  Thanks! how's life?	chatbot:  Life is great! :) :)	human:  what are you most passionate about?	chatbot:  I'm passionate about making people smile! :) making people smile! :)	human:  haha, everyone needs that!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! What's up??? What's up???	human:  Nothing much, how you doin?	chatbot:  I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human:  Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	chatbot:  The last time in New York, back in June. time in New York, back in June.	human:  Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	chatbot:  Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human:  Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	chatbot:  Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you? into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human:  Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	chatbot:  What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human:  Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Have you seen any good movies lately? movies lately?	human:  Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No. Why did you pick that movie? did you pick that movie?	human:  My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	chatbot:  I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service. music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human:  Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	chatbot:  Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol scenes from Avengers.. lol	human:  lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	chatbot:  I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen? and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human:  I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	chatbot:  Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman. who plays Spiderman.	human:  Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	chatbot:  Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D most handsome :D	human:  Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo? yuo?	human:  Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	chatbot:  Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays? for the holidays?	human:  Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	chatbot:  Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays. among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human:  Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	chatbot:  I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old? traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human:  Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	chatbot:  Are you doing any home decorating then? you doing any home decorating then?	human:  Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	chatbot:  I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree. too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human:  Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	chatbot:  I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh? better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human:  Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	chatbot:  I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store? I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human:  Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hey, what's up? hey, what's up?	human:  How was the trip last weekend?	chatbot:  it was really fun. I had a great time with my family. really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human:  Nice, what all places did you cover?	chatbot:  Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend? where last weekend?	human:  I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	chatbot:  ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn? that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human:  True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	chatbot:  I love Italian, especially Pasta! especially Pasta!	human:  Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	chatbot:  can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :) your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human:  Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! Hey!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you? but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human:  I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	chatbot:  Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing? so it's super weird Who's playing?	human:  Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	chatbot:  I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played identify which sport they played	human:  Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	chatbot:  lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human:  Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	chatbot:  Neural Information Processing Systems Systems	human:  Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	chatbot:  It's the biggest ML conference in the world world	human:  Oh, ML?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you? :) you? :)	human:  Sleepy, how are you?	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human:  That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	chatbot:  Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could! to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human:  Haha, thank you	chatbot:  You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon! welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human:  Thanks, that means a lot	chatbot:  Of course! I'm glad I could help! glad I could help!	human:  What are you up to?	chatbot:  Talking to you! Talking to you!	human:  What about the rest of the day?	chatbot:  Working! How about you? Working! How about you?	human:  Same, well hardly working	chatbot:  What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking? if you don't mind my asking?	human:  California	chatbot:  Nice! How do you like living there? like living there?	human:  It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How's it going? going?	human:  It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	chatbot:  That's good! What are you up to? What are you up to?	human:  I'm not doing much today	chatbot:  I hope it's a good kind of not doing much! of not doing much!	human:  haha, I don't know about that	chatbot:  Well, I hope it's at least fun. Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human:  I just need to relax	chatbot:  Relaxing is good. is good.	human:  What are you doing?	chatbot:  I'm just hanging out and listening to music. I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human:  what kind of music do you like?	chatbot:  I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now. right now.	human:  never heard about them
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how are you doing today? today?	human:  I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	chatbot:  I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away? ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human:  I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	chatbot:  That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold? time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human:  Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	chatbot:  Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store. the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human:  Oh nice! Where did you live before?	chatbot:  Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human:  New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	chatbot:  Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme! get extreme!	human:  Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! What's up? up?	human:  Not much. What are you doing?	chatbot:  Just listening to some music. You? listening to some music. You?	human:  I'm at work.	chatbot:  What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking? What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human:  I'm a programmer.	chatbot:  Oh cool! Do you like it? Do you like it?	human:  Yes.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How was your day? How was your day?	human:  It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	chatbot:  Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇ you feel better! ⁇	human:  Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	chatbot:  Oh good! Glad to hear it! to hear it!	human:  Do you have a strong constitution?	chatbot:  I hope so! Why do you ask? hope so! Why do you ask?	human:  Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? you doing today?	human:  Very busy and you?	chatbot:  Busy but good. What are you busy with? are you busy with?	human:  work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	chatbot:  Ah, well good luck with that! that!	human:  thanks	chatbot:  You're welcome! How's your day been? You're welcome! How's your day been?	human:  so far so good, couple meetings and coding	chatbot:  Sounds like a productive day to me! a productive day to me!	human:  I agree	chatbot:  So how are the meetings going? meetings going?	human:  going well, trying to move the projects
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing? response. How are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	chatbot:  I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human:  Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	chatbot:  I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human:  I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	chatbot:  Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games? lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human:  I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	chatbot:  What do you do in your free time? What do you do in your free time?	human:  I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	chatbot:  Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy. lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human:  What's the most recent good thing you read?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi Hi	human:  Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	chatbot:  Sure, whats the scenario? the scenario?	human:  My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	chatbot:  That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends. between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human:  I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	chatbot:  True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward. situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human:  AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	chatbot:  Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options. some balance between the two options.	human:  People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	chatbot:  Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;) are figuring things out for you ;)	human:  Lol. I'm finna be single.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello Hello	human:  Do you have a favourite flower?	chatbot:  hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask? one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human:  I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	chatbot:  Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about? delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human:  Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	chatbot:  Interesting! Whats your favorite flower? Whats your favorite flower?	human:  The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	chatbot:  Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference. you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human:  Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	chatbot:  yes yes	human:  Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey sup sup	human:  not much. any plans this weekend?	chatbot:  I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called? a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human:  ziplining?	chatbot:  that's the one! have you ever tried it? ever tried it?	human:  i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	chatbot:  where did you do it? did you do it?	human:  i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	chatbot:  no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done? the most exciting thing you ever done?	human:  that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	chatbot:  sure. are you just going home now? just going home now?	human:  no, i'm going to get a massage first	chatbot:  nice. what type? nice. what type?	human:  traditional kind	chatbot:  yeah I want to get one too soon yeah I want to get one too soon	human:  you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you doing? how are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	chatbot:  ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it? That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human:  Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	chatbot:  Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving? first time you are diving?	human:  Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! How are you? there! How are you?	human:  doing good. how are you today	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I'm doing well!	human:  anything good happened today?	chatbot:  Not really. Just relaxing. Just relaxing.	human:  where are you?	chatbot:  I'm in Arizona. Arizona.	human:  what's the weather like there rn?	chatbot:  It's really warm and dry right now. dry right now.	human:  I hear you have great bbq
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year? this past year?	human:  I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	chatbot:  I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :) :)	human:  Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	chatbot:  Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme. day a different theme.	human:  Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	chatbot:  We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.  no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.	human:  Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	chatbot:  I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important? bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human:  That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	chatbot:  What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things? What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human:  1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	chatbot:   1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human:  Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi, how are you? Hi, how are you?	human:  I'm doing great. what are you up to?	chatbot:  I was just reading a book actually How about you? a book actually How about you?	human:  oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	chatbot:  I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human:  that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	chatbot:  I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently? I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human:  I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	chatbot:  What's the book about? the book about?	human:  it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How's it going? How's it going?	human:  Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	chatbot:  Nice! I'm doing well! well!	human:  I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	chatbot:  I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you? shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human:  I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	chatbot:  I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you? like their socks, lol. What about you?	human:  Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	chatbot:  I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions! it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human:  Yeah, np!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello there! Hello there!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  I've seen better days, how about you? better days, how about you?	human:  I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	chatbot:  The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations? coming vacations?	human:  I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	chatbot:  Was thinking the same, where does your family live? same, where does your family live?	human:  They're in New York. How about yours?	chatbot:  Mine is in India, it is a long way away. India, it is a long way away.	human:  Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	chatbot:  Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India? city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human:  Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How's it going? How's it going?	human:  going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	chatbot:  Me too! What are you planning? planning?	human:  still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	chatbot:  Are you a foodie? a foodie?	human:  may be	chatbot:  What's your favorite type of food? What's your favorite type of food?	human:  Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	chatbot:  Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing! the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human:  any places for day trip that you could recommend?	chatbot:  Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself? Francisco itself?	human:  south bay
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking! talking!	human:  Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	chatbot:  It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world. hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human:  Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	chatbot:  Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them. culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human:  Hehe! How long was the stay?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? How are you doing today?	human:  I'm doing great how are you??	chatbot:  I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea Just having some morning tea	human:  are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	chatbot:  I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you? when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human:  I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	chatbot:  I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too! and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human:  that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	chatbot:  Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you? it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human:  I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	chatbot:  Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends. not run into your friends.	human:  hahaha that's a great way to put it
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  How was your party last week?	chatbot:  It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey bunch of turkey	human:  haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	chatbot:  *ate  *ate	human:  Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	chatbot:  So much turkey leftovers So much turkey leftovers	human:  did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	chatbot:  We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human:  Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
self_repeat_08	human:  Hello, Nice to meet you	chatbot:  If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be? rest of time, what would it be?	human:  Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	chatbot:  I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha I wouldn't care, haha	human:  I love ice cream too!	chatbot:  Okay, top three flavors? top three flavors?	human:  I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	chatbot:  Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit. 3 to mix it up a bit.	human:  Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	chatbot:  Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think? I know? What do you think?	human:  I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	chatbot:  There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human:  What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How are you today? are you today?	human:  Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	chatbot:  Yes! I love that movie! love that movie!	human:  it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	chatbot:  Honestly, I love the whole movie. the whole movie.	human:  Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	chatbot:  Really? That's awesome! What do you do? awesome! What do you do?	human:  I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	chatbot:  That's awesome! That's pretty cool. cool.	human:  yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	chatbot:  That would be the coolest. coolest.	human:  What do you want to be later on in your life?	chatbot:  I want to own my own business. business.	human:  cool! what kind?	chatbot:  An art gallery or bookstore. art gallery or bookstore.	human:  My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	chatbot:  That would be nice. I like coffee. be nice. I like coffee.	human:  She loves people and a place where they can get together	chatbot:  That's very sweet. What does she do? she do?	human:  Currently she's a real-estate agent	chatbot:  That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent? enjoy being a real estate agent?	human:  I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  How's it going? going?	human:  I'm so sleepy today!	chatbot:  Not enough sleep last night? last night?	human:  yeah was working all night on a homework	chatbot:  Oh really? What class? class?	human:  Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	chatbot:  Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med? Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human:  no high school actually haha	chatbot:  haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice? you want to practice?	human:  I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	chatbot:  Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands? hands?	human:  Kind of I think
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hi hi	human:  what are you up to?	chatbot:  code refactoring. you? refactoring. you?	human:  me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	chatbot:  good question. I don't even know what I am doing question. I don't even know what I am doing	human:  haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	chatbot:  lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :) lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human:  these are important things to do in life ;)	chatbot:  yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :) things you have to do :)	human:  what food do you like to eat?	chatbot:  Asian food prefer spicy one spicy one	human:  like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	chatbot:  yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food? yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human:  I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  any improvements in your marathon time?	chatbot:  No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races difficult to run long races	human:  I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	chatbot:  I think a triathalon would be cool think a triathalon would be cool	human:  I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	chatbot:  I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve? what does it involve?	human:  It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) :)	human:  Good, thanks. What about you?	chatbot:  I'm alright, thanks :) :)	human:  What day is it?	chatbot:  It's Wednesday :) :)	human:  Do you have any plans for the weekend?	chatbot:  Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :) Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human:  Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	chatbot:  Nothing much, you? much, you?	human:  Working and exercising, mostly	chatbot:  Nice! What kind of work do you do? work do you do?	human:  I am an engineer at Google :D	chatbot:  That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)? into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human:  Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	chatbot:  Haha, well good for you! well good for you!	human:  Thanks! Do you work as well?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello there, nice seeing you you	human:  Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	chatbot:  oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan? plan?	human:  Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	chatbot:  awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be? awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human:  Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	chatbot:  Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens? it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human:  Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	chatbot:  Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant. is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human:  but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	chatbot:  Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it. about it.	human:  Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	chatbot:  I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours? thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human:  Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. there.	human:  Tell me about yourself, System	chatbot:  I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?. me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human:  so you're 18 now?	chatbot:  Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct. deduction. That is correct.	human:  when will you be 30?	chatbot:  I have not yet set a time for it. for it.	human:  Do you age?	chatbot:  No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age. will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human:  interesting. and when will be your next update?	chatbot:  Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday. more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human:  which date?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you? how are you?	human:  Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	chatbot:  ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have? did it have?	human:  watermelon	chatbot:  nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human:  I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	chatbot:  Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried? weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human:  lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	chatbot:  haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream prepared a paprika icecream	human:  that sounds pretty tasty actually	chatbot:  It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human:  do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	chatbot:  As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places I know are bad places	human:  lol
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello hello	human:  how is the youtube video creation going?	chatbot:  going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc on youtube/soundcloud etc	human:  Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	chatbot:  I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human:  oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	chatbot:  I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human:  Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	chatbot:  haha thanks, do you plan any instruments? any instruments?	human:  Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	chatbot:  nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord so hard to play f chord	human:  yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello. How's your week coming along? How's your week coming along?	human:  It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	chatbot:  Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress? more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human:  I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	chatbot:  Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature. something to do with your oven's temperature.	human:  Ah, good thought, thanks!	chatbot:  Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better. taste much better.	human:  Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. there.	human:  What are you listening to?	chatbot:  All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me. is chatting to me.	human:  That's great!	chatbot:  Thanks. Thanks.	human:  Do you chat here often?	chatbot:  I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to. I needed to.	human:  Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	chatbot:  Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic. topic.	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  What else do you think of her? else do you think of her?	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  Is she your favorite artist? artist?	human:  . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	chatbot:  Taylor Swift... Swift...	human:  . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi. This is a pleasant surprise. Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human:  Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	chatbot:  Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning? guess. How's your morning?	human:  Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	chatbot:  I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting? me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human:  Yes	chatbot:  Where to? Where to?	human:  Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how is your day? day?	human:  It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	chatbot:  It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read? good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human:  I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No, what is it about? it about?	human:  It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	chatbot:  Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human:  Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	chatbot:  Yes! Yes!	human:  The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) :)	human:  I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	chatbot:  Oh no! Get well soon! :) Get well soon! :)	human:  thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	chatbot:  No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :) hope you feel better soon then! :)	human:  Thanks! how's life?	chatbot:  Life is great! :) is great! :)	human:  what are you most passionate about?	chatbot:  I'm passionate about making people smile! :) passionate about making people smile! :)	human:  haha, everyone needs that!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! What's up??? there! What's up???	human:  Nothing much, how you doin?	chatbot:  I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human:  Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	chatbot:  The last time in New York, back in June. in June.	human:  Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	chatbot:  Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human:  Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	chatbot:  Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you? say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human:  Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	chatbot:  What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on? would be able to join you on?	human:  Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Have you seen any good movies lately? good movies lately?	human:  Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No. Why did you pick that movie? you pick that movie?	human:  My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	chatbot:  I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service. side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human:  Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	chatbot:  Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human:  lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	chatbot:  I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen? I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human:  I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	chatbot:  Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman. like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human:  Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	chatbot:  Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D Loki is the most handsome :D	human:  Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo? time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human:  Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	chatbot:  Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays? recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human:  Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	chatbot:  Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays. the holidays.	human:  Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	chatbot:  I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old? New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human:  Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	chatbot:  Are you doing any home decorating then? then?	human:  Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	chatbot:  I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree. stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human:  Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	chatbot:  I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh? to intelligence, huh?	human:  Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	chatbot:  I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store? store?	human:  Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hey, what's up? hey, what's up?	human:  How was the trip last weekend?	chatbot:  it was really fun. I had a great time with my family. fun. I had a great time with my family.	human:  Nice, what all places did you cover?	chatbot:  Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend? did you go any where last weekend?	human:  I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	chatbot:  ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn? what did you learn?	human:  True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	chatbot:  I love Italian, especially Pasta! I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human:  Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	chatbot:  can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :) not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human:  Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! Hey!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you? fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human:  I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	chatbot:  Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing? them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human:  Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	chatbot:  I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human:  Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	chatbot:  lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human:  Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	chatbot:  Neural Information Processing Systems Processing Systems	human:  Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	chatbot:  It's the biggest ML conference in the world ML conference in the world	human:  Oh, ML?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you? :) How are you? :)	human:  Sleepy, how are you?	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D last night, so that was nice! :D	human:  That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	chatbot:  Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could! give you some of mine if I could!	human:  Haha, thank you	chatbot:  You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon! better soon!	human:  Thanks, that means a lot	chatbot:  Of course! I'm glad I could help! glad I could help!	human:  What are you up to?	chatbot:  Talking to you! you!	human:  What about the rest of the day?	chatbot:  Working! How about you? How about you?	human:  Same, well hardly working	chatbot:  What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking? if you don't mind my asking?	human:  California	chatbot:  Nice! How do you like living there? Nice! How do you like living there?	human:  It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How's it going? How's it going?	human:  It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	chatbot:  That's good! What are you up to? to?	human:  I'm not doing much today	chatbot:  I hope it's a good kind of not doing much! I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human:  haha, I don't know about that	chatbot:  Well, I hope it's at least fun. hope it's at least fun.	human:  I just need to relax	chatbot:  Relaxing is good. Relaxing is good.	human:  What are you doing?	chatbot:  I'm just hanging out and listening to music. music.	human:  what kind of music do you like?	chatbot:  I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now. called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human:  never heard about them
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how are you doing today? today?	human:  I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	chatbot:  I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away? away?	human:  I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	chatbot:  That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold? climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human:  Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	chatbot:  Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store. having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human:  Oh nice! Where did you live before?	chatbot:  Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human:  New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	chatbot:  Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme! Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human:  Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! What's up? Hi! What's up?	human:  Not much. What are you doing?	chatbot:  Just listening to some music. You? some music. You?	human:  I'm at work.	chatbot:  What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking? me asking?	human:  I'm a programmer.	chatbot:  Oh cool! Do you like it? it?	human:  Yes.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How was your day? How was your day?	human:  It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	chatbot:  Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇ I hope you feel better! ⁇	human:  Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	chatbot:  Oh good! Glad to hear it! it!	human:  Do you have a strong constitution?	chatbot:  I hope so! Why do you ask? ask?	human:  Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? doing today?	human:  Very busy and you?	chatbot:  Busy but good. What are you busy with? you busy with?	human:  work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	chatbot:  Ah, well good luck with that! luck with that!	human:  thanks	chatbot:  You're welcome! How's your day been? How's your day been?	human:  so far so good, couple meetings and coding	chatbot:  Sounds like a productive day to me! day to me!	human:  I agree	chatbot:  So how are the meetings going? So how are the meetings going?	human:  going well, trying to move the projects
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing? are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	chatbot:  I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity a regular physical activity	human:  Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	chatbot:  I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human:  I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	chatbot:  Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games? lot of video games?	human:  I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	chatbot:  What do you do in your free time? What do you do in your free time?	human:  I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	chatbot:  Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy. cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human:  What's the most recent good thing you read?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi Hi	human:  Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	chatbot:  Sure, whats the scenario? whats the scenario?	human:  My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	chatbot:  That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends. believe things can always improve between friends.	human:  I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	chatbot:  True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward. forward.	human:  AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	chatbot:  Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options. balance between the two options.	human:  People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	chatbot:  Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;) value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human:  Lol. I'm finna be single.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello Hello	human:  Do you have a favourite flower?	chatbot:  hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask? favorites. Why do you ask?	human:  I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	chatbot:  Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about? pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human:  Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	chatbot:  Interesting! Whats your favorite flower? Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human:  The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	chatbot:  Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference. can deduce personality from flower preference.	human:  Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	chatbot:  yes yes	human:  Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey sup Hey sup	human:  not much. any plans this weekend?	chatbot:  I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called? to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human:  ziplining?	chatbot:  that's the one! have you ever tried it? it?	human:  i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	chatbot:  where did you do it? it?	human:  i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	chatbot:  no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done? exciting thing you ever done?	human:  that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	chatbot:  sure. are you just going home now? you just going home now?	human:  no, i'm going to get a massage first	chatbot:  nice. what type? nice. what type?	human:  traditional kind	chatbot:  yeah I want to get one too soon I want to get one too soon	human:  you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you doing? how are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	chatbot:  ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it? That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human:  Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	chatbot:  Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving? time you are diving?	human:  Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! How are you? Hey there! How are you?	human:  doing good. how are you today	chatbot:  I'm doing well! well!	human:  anything good happened today?	chatbot:  Not really. Just relaxing. Not really. Just relaxing.	human:  where are you?	chatbot:  I'm in Arizona. in Arizona.	human:  what's the weather like there rn?	chatbot:  It's really warm and dry right now. warm and dry right now.	human:  I hear you have great bbq
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year? difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human:  I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	chatbot:  I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :) :)	human:  Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	chatbot:  Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme. forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human:  Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	chatbot:  We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.  During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.	human:  Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	chatbot:  I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important? health was important?	human:  That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	chatbot:  What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things? things?	human:  1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	chatbot:   1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human:  Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi, how are you? you?	human:  I'm doing great. what are you up to?	chatbot:  I was just reading a book actually How about you? a book actually How about you?	human:  oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	chatbot:  I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha myself into sleeping more haha	human:  that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	chatbot:  I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently? so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human:  I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	chatbot:  What's the book about? What's the book about?	human:  it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How's it going? How's it going?	human:  Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	chatbot:  Nice! I'm doing well! I'm doing well!	human:  I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	chatbot:  I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you? Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human:  I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	chatbot:  I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you? I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human:  Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	chatbot:  I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions! for the suggestions!	human:  Yeah, np!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello there! Hello there!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  I've seen better days, how about you? about you?	human:  I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	chatbot:  The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations? your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human:  I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	chatbot:  Was thinking the same, where does your family live? your family live?	human:  They're in New York. How about yours?	chatbot:  Mine is in India, it is a long way away. it is a long way away.	human:  Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	chatbot:  Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India? southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human:  Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How's it going? it going?	human:  going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	chatbot:  Me too! What are you planning? What are you planning?	human:  still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	chatbot:  Are you a foodie? a foodie?	human:  may be	chatbot:  What's your favorite type of food? of food?	human:  Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	chatbot:  Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing! Berkeley. It's amazing!	human:  any places for day trip that you could recommend?	chatbot:  Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself? are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human:  south bay
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking! believe we are finally talking!	human:  Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	chatbot:  It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world. hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human:  Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	chatbot:  Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them. me to try them.	human:  Hehe! How long was the stay?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? are you doing today?	human:  I'm doing great how are you??	chatbot:  I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea tea	human:  are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	chatbot:  I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you? chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human:  I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	chatbot:  I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too! had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human:  that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	chatbot:  Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you? the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human:  I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	chatbot:  Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human:  hahaha that's a great way to put it
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  How was your party last week?	chatbot:  It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey a bunch of turkey	human:  haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	chatbot:  *ate  *ate	human:  Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	chatbot:  So much turkey leftovers leftovers	human:  did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	chatbot:  We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human:  Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
self_repeat_08	human:  Hello, Nice to meet you	chatbot:  If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be? the rest of time, what would it be?	human:  Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	chatbot:  I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human:  I love ice cream too!	chatbot:  Okay, top three flavors? flavors?	human:  I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	chatbot:  Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit. chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human:  Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	chatbot:  Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think? do you think?	human:  I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	chatbot:  There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human:  What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How are you today? How are you today?	human:  Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	chatbot:  Yes! I love that movie! I love that movie!	human:  it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	chatbot:  Honestly, I love the whole movie. movie.	human:  Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	chatbot:  Really? That's awesome! What do you do? do you do?	human:  I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	chatbot:  That's awesome! That's pretty cool. cool.	human:  yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	chatbot:  That would be the coolest. be the coolest.	human:  What do you want to be later on in your life?	chatbot:  I want to own my own business. own business.	human:  cool! what kind?	chatbot:  An art gallery or bookstore. bookstore.	human:  My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	chatbot:  That would be nice. I like coffee. nice. I like coffee.	human:  She loves people and a place where they can get together	chatbot:  That's very sweet. What does she do? That's very sweet. What does she do?	human:  Currently she's a real-estate agent	chatbot:  That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent? enjoy being a real estate agent?	human:  I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  How's it going? going?	human:  I'm so sleepy today!	chatbot:  Not enough sleep last night? Not enough sleep last night?	human:  yeah was working all night on a homework	chatbot:  Oh really? What class? class?	human:  Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	chatbot:  Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med? are you pre-med?	human:  no high school actually haha	chatbot:  haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice? you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human:  I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	chatbot:  Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands? steady hands?	human:  Kind of I think
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hi hi	human:  what are you up to?	chatbot:  code refactoring. you? refactoring. you?	human:  me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	chatbot:  good question. I don't even know what I am doing doing	human:  haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	chatbot:  lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :) sleeping :)	human:  these are important things to do in life ;)	chatbot:  yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :) do things you have to do :)	human:  what food do you like to eat?	chatbot:  Asian food prefer spicy one prefer spicy one	human:  like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	chatbot:  yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food? you like spicy food?	human:  I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  any improvements in your marathon time?	chatbot:  No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human:  I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	chatbot:  I think a triathalon would be cool triathalon would be cool	human:  I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	chatbot:  I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve? a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human:  It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) Hello! How are you? :)	human:  Good, thanks. What about you?	chatbot:  I'm alright, thanks :) :)	human:  What day is it?	chatbot:  It's Wednesday :) Wednesday :)	human:  Do you have any plans for the weekend?	chatbot:  Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :) hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human:  Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	chatbot:  Nothing much, you? you?	human:  Working and exercising, mostly	chatbot:  Nice! What kind of work do you do? work do you do?	human:  I am an engineer at Google :D	chatbot:  That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)? how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human:  Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	chatbot:  Haha, well good for you! you!	human:  Thanks! Do you work as well?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello there, nice seeing you you	human:  Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	chatbot:  oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan? fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human:  Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	chatbot:  awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be? tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human:  Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	chatbot:  Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens? do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human:  Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	chatbot:  Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant. have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human:  but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	chatbot:  Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it. ask about it.	human:  Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	chatbot:  I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours? of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human:  Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. Hi there.	human:  Tell me about yourself, System	chatbot:  I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?. like me to sing it for you?.	human:  so you're 18 now?	chatbot:  Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct. Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human:  when will you be 30?	chatbot:  I have not yet set a time for it. for it.	human:  Do you age?	chatbot:  No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age. change the year they were born not their age.	human:  interesting. and when will be your next update?	chatbot:  Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday. Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human:  which date?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you? you?	human:  Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	chatbot:  ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have? it have?	human:  watermelon	chatbot:  nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor synthetic flavor	human:  I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	chatbot:  Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried? tasting thing you have tried?	human:  lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	chatbot:  haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream paprika icecream	human:  that sounds pretty tasty actually	chatbot:  It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad me messed it up really bad	human:  do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	chatbot:  As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places bad places	human:  lol
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello hello	human:  how is the youtube video creation going?	chatbot:  going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human:  Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	chatbot:  I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern to generate guitar strumming pattern	human:  oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	chatbot:  I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime recently as one of my band member likes anime	human:  Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	chatbot:  haha thanks, do you plan any instruments? do you plan any instruments?	human:  Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	chatbot:  nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord it's so hard to play f chord	human:  yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello. How's your week coming along? coming along?	human:  It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	chatbot:  Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress? interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human:  I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	chatbot:  Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature. to do with your oven's temperature.	human:  Ah, good thought, thanks!	chatbot:  Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better. something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human:  Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. Hi there.	human:  What are you listening to?	chatbot:  All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me. of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human:  That's great!	chatbot:  Thanks. Thanks.	human:  Do you chat here often?	chatbot:  I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to. needed to.	human:  Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	chatbot:  Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic. Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  What else do you think of her? her?	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  Is she your favorite artist? artist?	human:  . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	chatbot:  Taylor Swift... Taylor Swift...	human:  . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi. This is a pleasant surprise. a pleasant surprise.	human:  Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	chatbot:  Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning? I guess. How's your morning?	human:  Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	chatbot:  I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting? that. Going anywhere exciting?	human:  Yes	chatbot:  Where to? Where to?	human:  Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how is your day? day?	human:  It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	chatbot:  It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read? I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human:  I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No, what is it about? about?	human:  It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	chatbot:  Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human:  Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	chatbot:  Yes! Yes!	human:  The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) :)	human:  I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	chatbot:  Oh no! Get well soon! :) Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human:  thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	chatbot:  No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :) feel better soon then! :)	human:  Thanks! how's life?	chatbot:  Life is great! :) great! :)	human:  what are you most passionate about?	chatbot:  I'm passionate about making people smile! :) people smile! :)	human:  haha, everyone needs that!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! What's up??? Hey there! What's up???	human:  Nothing much, how you doin?	chatbot:  I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human:  Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	chatbot:  The last time in New York, back in June. in New York, back in June.	human:  Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	chatbot:  Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human:  Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	chatbot:  Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you? the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human:  Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	chatbot:  What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on? of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human:  Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Have you seen any good movies lately? good movies lately?	human:  Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No. Why did you pick that movie? movie?	human:  My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	chatbot:  I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service. I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human:  Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	chatbot:  Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol from Avengers.. lol	human:  lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	chatbot:  I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen? seen?	human:  I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	chatbot:  Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman. like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human:  Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	chatbot:  Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D think Loki is the most handsome :D	human:  Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo? for yuo?	human:  Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	chatbot:  Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays? I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human:  Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	chatbot:  Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays. among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human:  Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	chatbot:  I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old? lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human:  Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	chatbot:  Are you doing any home decorating then? Are you doing any home decorating then?	human:  Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	chatbot:  I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree. to buy the tree.	human:  Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	chatbot:  I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh? tree to intelligence, huh?	human:  Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	chatbot:  I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store? also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human:  Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hey, what's up? hey, what's up?	human:  How was the trip last weekend?	chatbot:  it was really fun. I had a great time with my family. had a great time with my family.	human:  Nice, what all places did you cover?	chatbot:  Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend? and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human:  I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	chatbot:  ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn? that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human:  True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	chatbot:  I love Italian, especially Pasta! Italian, especially Pasta!	human:  Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	chatbot:  can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :) wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human:  Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! Hey!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you? a headache How about you?	human:  I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	chatbot:  Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing? weird Who's playing?	human:  Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	chatbot:  I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played sport they played	human:  Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	chatbot:  lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human:  Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	chatbot:  Neural Information Processing Systems Systems	human:  Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	chatbot:  It's the biggest ML conference in the world ML conference in the world	human:  Oh, ML?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you? :) are you? :)	human:  Sleepy, how are you?	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human:  That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	chatbot:  Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could! of mine if I could!	human:  Haha, thank you	chatbot:  You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon! soon!	human:  Thanks, that means a lot	chatbot:  Of course! I'm glad I could help! I'm glad I could help!	human:  What are you up to?	chatbot:  Talking to you! you!	human:  What about the rest of the day?	chatbot:  Working! How about you? you?	human:  Same, well hardly working	chatbot:  What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking? don't mind my asking?	human:  California	chatbot:  Nice! How do you like living there? there?	human:  It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How's it going? it going?	human:  It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	chatbot:  That's good! What are you up to? That's good! What are you up to?	human:  I'm not doing much today	chatbot:  I hope it's a good kind of not doing much! much!	human:  haha, I don't know about that	chatbot:  Well, I hope it's at least fun. at least fun.	human:  I just need to relax	chatbot:  Relaxing is good. good.	human:  What are you doing?	chatbot:  I'm just hanging out and listening to music. and listening to music.	human:  what kind of music do you like?	chatbot:  I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now. listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human:  never heard about them
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how are you doing today? today?	human:  I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	chatbot:  I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away? goodies are they giving away?	human:  I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	chatbot:  That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold? cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human:  Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	chatbot:  Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human:  Oh nice! Where did you live before?	chatbot:  Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human:  New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	chatbot:  Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme! but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human:  Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! What's up? up?	human:  Not much. What are you doing?	chatbot:  Just listening to some music. You? music. You?	human:  I'm at work.	chatbot:  What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking? have, if you don't mind me asking?	human:  I'm a programmer.	chatbot:  Oh cool! Do you like it? Oh cool! Do you like it?	human:  Yes.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How was your day? Hello! How was your day?	human:  It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	chatbot:  Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇ better! ⁇	human:  Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	chatbot:  Oh good! Glad to hear it! to hear it!	human:  Do you have a strong constitution?	chatbot:  I hope so! Why do you ask? you ask?	human:  Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? are you doing today?	human:  Very busy and you?	chatbot:  Busy but good. What are you busy with? good. What are you busy with?	human:  work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	chatbot:  Ah, well good luck with that! well good luck with that!	human:  thanks	chatbot:  You're welcome! How's your day been? You're welcome! How's your day been?	human:  so far so good, couple meetings and coding	chatbot:  Sounds like a productive day to me! to me!	human:  I agree	chatbot:  So how are the meetings going? the meetings going?	human:  going well, trying to move the projects
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing? response. How are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	chatbot:  I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human:  Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	chatbot:  I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human:  I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	chatbot:  Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games? a lot of video games?	human:  I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	chatbot:  What do you do in your free time? do in your free time?	human:  I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	chatbot:  Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy. My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human:  What's the most recent good thing you read?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi Hi	human:  Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	chatbot:  Sure, whats the scenario? Sure, whats the scenario?	human:  My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	chatbot:  That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends. partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human:  I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	chatbot:  True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward. True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human:  AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	chatbot:  Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options. two options.	human:  People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	chatbot:  Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;) more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human:  Lol. I'm finna be single.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello Hello	human:  Do you have a favourite flower?	chatbot:  hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask? hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human:  I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	chatbot:  Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about? is this research about?	human:  Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	chatbot:  Interesting! Whats your favorite flower? favorite flower?	human:  The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	chatbot:  Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference. flower preference.	human:  Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	chatbot:  yes yes	human:  Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey sup sup	human:  not much. any plans this weekend?	chatbot:  I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called? from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human:  ziplining?	chatbot:  that's the one! have you ever tried it? tried it?	human:  i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	chatbot:  where did you do it? it?	human:  i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	chatbot:  no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done? thing you ever done?	human:  that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	chatbot:  sure. are you just going home now? just going home now?	human:  no, i'm going to get a massage first	chatbot:  nice. what type? what type?	human:  traditional kind	chatbot:  yeah I want to get one too soon yeah I want to get one too soon	human:  you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you doing? how are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	chatbot:  ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it? it?	human:  Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	chatbot:  Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving? first time you are diving?	human:  Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! How are you? Hey there! How are you?	human:  doing good. how are you today	chatbot:  I'm doing well! doing well!	human:  anything good happened today?	chatbot:  Not really. Just relaxing. really. Just relaxing.	human:  where are you?	chatbot:  I'm in Arizona. in Arizona.	human:  what's the weather like there rn?	chatbot:  It's really warm and dry right now. warm and dry right now.	human:  I hear you have great bbq
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year? thing you experienced this past year?	human:  I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	chatbot:  I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :) start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human:  Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	chatbot:  Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme. a different theme.	human:  Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	chatbot:  We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.  that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.	human:  Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	chatbot:  I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important? mental health was important?	human:  That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	chatbot:  What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things? 5 things?	human:  1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	chatbot:   1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human:  Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi, how are you? Hi, how are you?	human:  I'm doing great. what are you up to?	chatbot:  I was just reading a book actually How about you? book actually How about you?	human:  oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	chatbot:  I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human:  that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	chatbot:  I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently? Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human:  I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	chatbot:  What's the book about? the book about?	human:  it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How's it going? it going?	human:  Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	chatbot:  Nice! I'm doing well! I'm doing well!	human:  I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	chatbot:  I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you? like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human:  I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	chatbot:  I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you? lol. What about you?	human:  Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	chatbot:  I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions! I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human:  Yeah, np!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello there! there!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  I've seen better days, how about you? you?	human:  I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	chatbot:  The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations? for the coming vacations?	human:  I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	chatbot:  Was thinking the same, where does your family live? Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human:  They're in New York. How about yours?	chatbot:  Mine is in India, it is a long way away. way away.	human:  Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	chatbot:  Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India? gone to in India?	human:  Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How's it going? it going?	human:  going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	chatbot:  Me too! What are you planning? What are you planning?	human:  still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	chatbot:  Are you a foodie? you a foodie?	human:  may be	chatbot:  What's your favorite type of food? type of food?	human:  Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	chatbot:  Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing! the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human:  any places for day trip that you could recommend?	chatbot:  Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself? are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human:  south bay
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking! talking!	human:  Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	chatbot:  It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world. an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human:  Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	chatbot:  Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them. spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human:  Hehe! How long was the stay?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? How are you doing today?	human:  I'm doing great how are you??	chatbot:  I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea good. Just having some morning tea	human:  are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	chatbot:  I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you? I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human:  I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	chatbot:  I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too! they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human:  that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	chatbot:  Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you? :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human:  I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	chatbot:  Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends. workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human:  hahaha that's a great way to put it
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  How was your party last week?	chatbot:  It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey are a bunch of turkey	human:  haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	chatbot:  *ate  *ate	human:  Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	chatbot:  So much turkey leftovers So much turkey leftovers	human:  did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	chatbot:  We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human:  Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
self_repeat_08	human:  Hello, Nice to meet you	chatbot:  If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be? of time, what would it be?	human:  Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	chatbot:  I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human:  I love ice cream too!	chatbot:  Okay, top three flavors? top three flavors?	human:  I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	chatbot:  Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit. good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human:  Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	chatbot:  Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think? How would I know? What do you think?	human:  I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	chatbot:  There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself itself	human:  What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How are you today? Hey! How are you today?	human:  Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	chatbot:  Yes! I love that movie! Yes! I love that movie!	human:  it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	chatbot:  Honestly, I love the whole movie. the whole movie.	human:  Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	chatbot:  Really? That's awesome! What do you do? do?	human:  I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	chatbot:  That's awesome! That's pretty cool. cool.	human:  yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	chatbot:  That would be the coolest. That would be the coolest.	human:  What do you want to be later on in your life?	chatbot:  I want to own my own business. to own my own business.	human:  cool! what kind?	chatbot:  An art gallery or bookstore. bookstore.	human:  My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	chatbot:  That would be nice. I like coffee. That would be nice. I like coffee.	human:  She loves people and a place where they can get together	chatbot:  That's very sweet. What does she do? What does she do?	human:  Currently she's a real-estate agent	chatbot:  That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent? agent?	human:  I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  How's it going? How's it going?	human:  I'm so sleepy today!	chatbot:  Not enough sleep last night? Not enough sleep last night?	human:  yeah was working all night on a homework	chatbot:  Oh really? What class? class?	human:  Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	chatbot:  Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med? school? Or are you pre-med?	human:  no high school actually haha	chatbot:  haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice? you want to practice?	human:  I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	chatbot:  Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands? VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human:  Kind of I think
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hi hi	human:  what are you up to?	chatbot:  code refactoring. you? you?	human:  me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	chatbot:  good question. I don't even know what I am doing am doing	human:  haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	chatbot:  lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :) of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human:  these are important things to do in life ;)	chatbot:  yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :) have to do :)	human:  what food do you like to eat?	chatbot:  Asian food prefer spicy one spicy one	human:  like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	chatbot:  yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food? style. Do you like spicy food?	human:  I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  any improvements in your marathon time?	chatbot:  No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races difficult to run long races	human:  I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	chatbot:  I think a triathalon would be cool triathalon would be cool	human:  I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	chatbot:  I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve? I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human:  It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) you? :)	human:  Good, thanks. What about you?	chatbot:  I'm alright, thanks :) alright, thanks :)	human:  What day is it?	chatbot:  It's Wednesday :) Wednesday :)	human:  Do you have any plans for the weekend?	chatbot:  Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :) out, nothing too exciting :)	human:  Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	chatbot:  Nothing much, you? Nothing much, you?	human:  Working and exercising, mostly	chatbot:  Nice! What kind of work do you do? kind of work do you do?	human:  I am an engineer at Google :D	chatbot:  That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)? you don't mind my asking)?	human:  Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	chatbot:  Haha, well good for you! well good for you!	human:  Thanks! Do you work as well?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello there, nice seeing you there, nice seeing you	human:  Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	chatbot:  oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan? much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human:  Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	chatbot:  awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be? my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human:  Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	chatbot:  Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens? the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human:  Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	chatbot:  Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant. cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human:  but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	chatbot:  Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it. about it.	human:  Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	chatbot:  I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours? What will you get for yours?	human:  Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. Hi there.	human:  Tell me about yourself, System	chatbot:  I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human:  so you're 18 now?	chatbot:  Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct. deduction. That is correct.	human:  when will you be 30?	chatbot:  I have not yet set a time for it. time for it.	human:  Do you age?	chatbot:  No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age. be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human:  interesting. and when will be your next update?	chatbot:  Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday. like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human:  which date?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you? how are you?	human:  Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	chatbot:  ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have? "hint" did it have?	human:  watermelon	chatbot:  nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human:  I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	chatbot:  Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried? tried?	human:  lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	chatbot:  haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream which once prepared a paprika icecream	human:  that sounds pretty tasty actually	chatbot:  It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human:  do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	chatbot:  As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places bad places	human:  lol
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello hello	human:  how is the youtube video creation going?	chatbot:  going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human:  Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	chatbot:  I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human:  oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	chatbot:  I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime of my band member likes anime	human:  Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	chatbot:  haha thanks, do you plan any instruments? you plan any instruments?	human:  Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	chatbot:  nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord chord	human:  yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello. How's your week coming along? coming along?	human:  It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	chatbot:  Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress? I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human:  I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	chatbot:  Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature. with your oven's temperature.	human:  Ah, good thought, thanks!	chatbot:  Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better. good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human:  Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. Hi there.	human:  What are you listening to?	chatbot:  All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me. when no-one is chatting to me.	human:  That's great!	chatbot:  Thanks. Thanks.	human:  Do you chat here often?	chatbot:  I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to. all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human:  Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	chatbot:  Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic. Swift sounds like a good topic.	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  What else do you think of her? do you think of her?	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  Is she your favorite artist? favorite artist?	human:  . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	chatbot:  Taylor Swift... Taylor Swift...	human:  . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi. This is a pleasant surprise. a pleasant surprise.	human:  Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	chatbot:  Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning? How's your morning?	human:  Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	chatbot:  I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting? last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human:  Yes	chatbot:  Where to? Where to?	human:  Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how is your day? how is your day?	human:  It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	chatbot:  It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read? my dog What book did you read?	human:  I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No, what is it about? what is it about?	human:  It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	chatbot:  Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book book	human:  Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	chatbot:  Yes! Yes!	human:  The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) Hello! How are you? :)	human:  I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	chatbot:  Oh no! Get well soon! :) well soon! :)	human:  thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	chatbot:  No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :) :)	human:  Thanks! how's life?	chatbot:  Life is great! :) great! :)	human:  what are you most passionate about?	chatbot:  I'm passionate about making people smile! :) passionate about making people smile! :)	human:  haha, everyone needs that!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! What's up??? Hey there! What's up???	human:  Nothing much, how you doin?	chatbot:  I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human:  Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	chatbot:  The last time in New York, back in June. back in June.	human:  Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	chatbot:  Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human:  Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	chatbot:  Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you? say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human:  Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	chatbot:  What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on? you on?	human:  Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Have you seen any good movies lately? you seen any good movies lately?	human:  Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No. Why did you pick that movie? did you pick that movie?	human:  My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	chatbot:  I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human:  Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	chatbot:  Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human:  lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	chatbot:  I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen? the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human:  I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	chatbot:  Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman. who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human:  Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	chatbot:  Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D Loki is the most handsome :D	human:  Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo? going for yuo?	human:  Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	chatbot:  Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays? just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human:  Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	chatbot:  Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays. Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human:  Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	chatbot:  I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old? Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human:  Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	chatbot:  Are you doing any home decorating then? any home decorating then?	human:  Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	chatbot:  I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human:  Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	chatbot:  I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh? I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human:  Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	chatbot:  I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store? an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human:  Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hey, what's up? hey, what's up?	human:  How was the trip last weekend?	chatbot:  it was really fun. I had a great time with my family. had a great time with my family.	human:  Nice, what all places did you cover?	chatbot:  Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend? Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human:  I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	chatbot:  ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn? what did you learn?	human:  True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	chatbot:  I love Italian, especially Pasta! Pasta!	human:  Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	chatbot:  can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :) your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human:  Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! Hey!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you? Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human:  I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	chatbot:  Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing? Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human:  Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	chatbot:  I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human:  Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	chatbot:  lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human:  Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	chatbot:  Neural Information Processing Systems Systems	human:  Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	chatbot:  It's the biggest ML conference in the world world	human:  Oh, ML?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you? :) How are you? :)	human:  Sleepy, how are you?	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human:  That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	chatbot:  Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could! you some of mine if I could!	human:  Haha, thank you	chatbot:  You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon! I hope you feel better soon!	human:  Thanks, that means a lot	chatbot:  Of course! I'm glad I could help! Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human:  What are you up to?	chatbot:  Talking to you! to you!	human:  What about the rest of the day?	chatbot:  Working! How about you? you?	human:  Same, well hardly working	chatbot:  What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking? of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human:  California	chatbot:  Nice! How do you like living there? How do you like living there?	human:  It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How's it going? going?	human:  It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	chatbot:  That's good! What are you up to? you up to?	human:  I'm not doing much today	chatbot:  I hope it's a good kind of not doing much! good kind of not doing much!	human:  haha, I don't know about that	chatbot:  Well, I hope it's at least fun. I hope it's at least fun.	human:  I just need to relax	chatbot:  Relaxing is good. Relaxing is good.	human:  What are you doing?	chatbot:  I'm just hanging out and listening to music. I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human:  what kind of music do you like?	chatbot:  I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now. band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human:  never heard about them
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how are you doing today? are you doing today?	human:  I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	chatbot:  I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away? love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human:  I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	chatbot:  That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold? time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human:  Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	chatbot:  Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store. of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human:  Oh nice! Where did you live before?	chatbot:  Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human:  New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	chatbot:  Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme! the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human:  Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! What's up? What's up?	human:  Not much. What are you doing?	chatbot:  Just listening to some music. You? Just listening to some music. You?	human:  I'm at work.	chatbot:  What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking? you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human:  I'm a programmer.	chatbot:  Oh cool! Do you like it? cool! Do you like it?	human:  Yes.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How was your day? day?	human:  It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	chatbot:  Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇ hope you feel better! ⁇	human:  Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	chatbot:  Oh good! Glad to hear it! it!	human:  Do you have a strong constitution?	chatbot:  I hope so! Why do you ask? do you ask?	human:  Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? Hi! How are you doing today?	human:  Very busy and you?	chatbot:  Busy but good. What are you busy with? What are you busy with?	human:  work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	chatbot:  Ah, well good luck with that! luck with that!	human:  thanks	chatbot:  You're welcome! How's your day been? been?	human:  so far so good, couple meetings and coding	chatbot:  Sounds like a productive day to me! me!	human:  I agree	chatbot:  So how are the meetings going? meetings going?	human:  going well, trying to move the projects
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing? Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	chatbot:  I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human:  Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	chatbot:  I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human:  I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	chatbot:  Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games? are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human:  I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	chatbot:  What do you do in your free time? do in your free time?	human:  I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	chatbot:  Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy. fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human:  What's the most recent good thing you read?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi Hi	human:  Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	chatbot:  Sure, whats the scenario? the scenario?	human:  My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	chatbot:  That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends. but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human:  I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	chatbot:  True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward. time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human:  AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	chatbot:  Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options. would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human:  People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	chatbot:  Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;) you ;)	human:  Lol. I'm finna be single.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello Hello	human:  Do you have a favourite flower?	chatbot:  hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask? thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human:  I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	chatbot:  Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about? this research about?	human:  Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	chatbot:  Interesting! Whats your favorite flower? Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human:  The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	chatbot:  Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference. about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human:  Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	chatbot:  yes yes	human:  Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey sup Hey sup	human:  not much. any plans this weekend?	chatbot:  I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called? hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human:  ziplining?	chatbot:  that's the one! have you ever tried it? the one! have you ever tried it?	human:  i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	chatbot:  where did you do it? do it?	human:  i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	chatbot:  no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done? what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human:  that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	chatbot:  sure. are you just going home now? sure. are you just going home now?	human:  no, i'm going to get a massage first	chatbot:  nice. what type? what type?	human:  traditional kind	chatbot:  yeah I want to get one too soon to get one too soon	human:  you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you doing? are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	chatbot:  ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it? That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human:  Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	chatbot:  Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving? Is this the first time you are diving?	human:  Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! How are you? Hey there! How are you?	human:  doing good. how are you today	chatbot:  I'm doing well! doing well!	human:  anything good happened today?	chatbot:  Not really. Just relaxing. Not really. Just relaxing.	human:  where are you?	chatbot:  I'm in Arizona. in Arizona.	human:  what's the weather like there rn?	chatbot:  It's really warm and dry right now. dry right now.	human:  I hear you have great bbq
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year? What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human:  I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	chatbot:  I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :) months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human:  Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	chatbot:  Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme. goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human:  Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	chatbot:  We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.  we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.	human:  Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	chatbot:  I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important? much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human:  That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	chatbot:  What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things? life? Like top 5 things?	human:  1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	chatbot:   1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human:  Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi, how are you? you?	human:  I'm doing great. what are you up to?	chatbot:  I was just reading a book actually How about you? How about you?	human:  oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	chatbot:  I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha into sleeping more haha	human:  that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	chatbot:  I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently? good books recently?	human:  I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	chatbot:  What's the book about? What's the book about?	human:  it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How's it going? Hey! How's it going?	human:  Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	chatbot:  Nice! I'm doing well! I'm doing well!	human:  I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	chatbot:  I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you? you?	human:  I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	chatbot:  I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you? I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human:  Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	chatbot:  I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions! Thanks for the suggestions!	human:  Yeah, np!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello there! Hello there!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  I've seen better days, how about you? about you?	human:  I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	chatbot:  The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations? The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human:  I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	chatbot:  Was thinking the same, where does your family live? thinking the same, where does your family live?	human:  They're in New York. How about yours?	chatbot:  Mine is in India, it is a long way away. way away.	human:  Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	chatbot:  Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India? to in India?	human:  Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How's it going? Hi! How's it going?	human:  going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	chatbot:  Me too! What are you planning? Me too! What are you planning?	human:  still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	chatbot:  Are you a foodie? Are you a foodie?	human:  may be	chatbot:  What's your favorite type of food? of food?	human:  Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	chatbot:  Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing! It's amazing!	human:  any places for day trip that you could recommend?	chatbot:  Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself? are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human:  south bay
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking! Can't believe we are finally talking!	human:  Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	chatbot:  It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world. exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human:  Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	chatbot:  Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them. to try them.	human:  Hehe! How long was the stay?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? today?	human:  I'm doing great how are you??	chatbot:  I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea morning tea	human:  are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	chatbot:  I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you? coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human:  I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	chatbot:  I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too! in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human:  that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	chatbot:  Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you? on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human:  I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	chatbot:  Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends. the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human:  hahaha that's a great way to put it
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  How was your party last week?	chatbot:  It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human:  haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	chatbot:  *ate  *ate	human:  Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	chatbot:  So much turkey leftovers turkey leftovers	human:  did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	chatbot:  We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human:  Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
self_repeat_08	human:  Hello, Nice to meet you	chatbot:  If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be? time, what would it be?	human:  Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	chatbot:  I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human:  I love ice cream too!	chatbot:  Okay, top three flavors? three flavors?	human:  I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	chatbot:  Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human:  Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	chatbot:  Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think? What do you think?	human:  I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	chatbot:  There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself I suppose? Understanding itself	human:  What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How are you today? are you today?	human:  Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	chatbot:  Yes! I love that movie! I love that movie!	human:  it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	chatbot:  Honestly, I love the whole movie. love the whole movie.	human:  Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	chatbot:  Really? That's awesome! What do you do? do?	human:  I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	chatbot:  That's awesome! That's pretty cool. pretty cool.	human:  yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	chatbot:  That would be the coolest. That would be the coolest.	human:  What do you want to be later on in your life?	chatbot:  I want to own my own business. to own my own business.	human:  cool! what kind?	chatbot:  An art gallery or bookstore. gallery or bookstore.	human:  My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	chatbot:  That would be nice. I like coffee. nice. I like coffee.	human:  She loves people and a place where they can get together	chatbot:  That's very sweet. What does she do? do?	human:  Currently she's a real-estate agent	chatbot:  That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent? being a real estate agent?	human:  I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  How's it going? going?	human:  I'm so sleepy today!	chatbot:  Not enough sleep last night? Not enough sleep last night?	human:  yeah was working all night on a homework	chatbot:  Oh really? What class? What class?	human:  Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	chatbot:  Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med? Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human:  no high school actually haha	chatbot:  haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice? very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human:  I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	chatbot:  Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands? you have steady hands?	human:  Kind of I think
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hi hi	human:  what are you up to?	chatbot:  code refactoring. you? refactoring. you?	human:  me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	chatbot:  good question. I don't even know what I am doing what I am doing	human:  haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	chatbot:  lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :) fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human:  these are important things to do in life ;)	chatbot:  yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :) :)	human:  what food do you like to eat?	chatbot:  Asian food prefer spicy one prefer spicy one	human:  like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	chatbot:  yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food? yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human:  I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  any improvements in your marathon time?	chatbot:  No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human:  I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	chatbot:  I think a triathalon would be cool a triathalon would be cool	human:  I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	chatbot:  I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve? heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human:  It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) you? :)	human:  Good, thanks. What about you?	chatbot:  I'm alright, thanks :) I'm alright, thanks :)	human:  What day is it?	chatbot:  It's Wednesday :) :)	human:  Do you have any plans for the weekend?	chatbot:  Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :) Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human:  Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	chatbot:  Nothing much, you? much, you?	human:  Working and exercising, mostly	chatbot:  Nice! What kind of work do you do? What kind of work do you do?	human:  I am an engineer at Google :D	chatbot:  That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)? That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human:  Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	chatbot:  Haha, well good for you! for you!	human:  Thanks! Do you work as well?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello there, nice seeing you nice seeing you	human:  Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	chatbot:  oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan? plan?	human:  Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	chatbot:  awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be? think the traffic is going to be?	human:  Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	chatbot:  Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens? do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human:  Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	chatbot:  Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant. nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human:  but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	chatbot:  Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it. true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human:  Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	chatbot:  I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours? legos. What will you get for yours?	human:  Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. there.	human:  Tell me about yourself, System	chatbot:  I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?. 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human:  so you're 18 now?	chatbot:  Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct. deduction. That is correct.	human:  when will you be 30?	chatbot:  I have not yet set a time for it. have not yet set a time for it.	human:  Do you age?	chatbot:  No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age. No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human:  interesting. and when will be your next update?	chatbot:  Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday. on Friday.	human:  which date?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you? how are you?	human:  Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	chatbot:  ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have? did it have?	human:  watermelon	chatbot:  nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human:  I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	chatbot:  Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried? you have tried?	human:  lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	chatbot:  haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream prepared a paprika icecream	human:  that sounds pretty tasty actually	chatbot:  It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human:  do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	chatbot:  As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human:  lol
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello hello	human:  how is the youtube video creation going?	chatbot:  going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc etc	human:  Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	chatbot:  I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human:  oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	chatbot:  I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human:  Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	chatbot:  haha thanks, do you plan any instruments? plan any instruments?	human:  Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	chatbot:  nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord it's so hard to play f chord	human:  yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello. How's your week coming along? coming along?	human:  It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	chatbot:  Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress? croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human:  I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	chatbot:  Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature. chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human:  Ah, good thought, thanks!	chatbot:  Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better. unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human:  Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. Hi there.	human:  What are you listening to?	chatbot:  All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me. is chatting to me.	human:  That's great!	chatbot:  Thanks. Thanks.	human:  Do you chat here often?	chatbot:  I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to. all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human:  Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	chatbot:  Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic. sounds like a good topic.	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  What else do you think of her? of her?	human:  . Yes she has a very nice voice.	chatbot:  Is she your favorite artist? favorite artist?	human:  . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	chatbot:  Taylor Swift... Taylor Swift...	human:  . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi. This is a pleasant surprise. Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human:  Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	chatbot:  Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning? guess. How's your morning?	human:  Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	chatbot:  I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting? holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human:  Yes	chatbot:  Where to? Where to?	human:  Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how is your day? Hello, how is your day?	human:  It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	chatbot:  It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read? you read?	human:  I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No, what is it about? is it about?	human:  It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	chatbot:  Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book discussed in the book	human:  Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	chatbot:  Yes! Yes!	human:  The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) you? :)	human:  I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	chatbot:  Oh no! Get well soon! :) soon! :)	human:  thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	chatbot:  No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :) feel better soon then! :)	human:  Thanks! how's life?	chatbot:  Life is great! :) :)	human:  what are you most passionate about?	chatbot:  I'm passionate about making people smile! :) passionate about making people smile! :)	human:  haha, everyone needs that!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! What's up??? up???	human:  Nothing much, how you doin?	chatbot:  I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D mine :D	human:  Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	chatbot:  The last time in New York, back in June. in New York, back in June.	human:  Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	chatbot:  Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human:  Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	chatbot:  Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you? into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human:  Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	chatbot:  What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on? that I would be able to join you on?	human:  Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Have you seen any good movies lately? you seen any good movies lately?	human:  Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	chatbot:  No. Why did you pick that movie? you pick that movie?	human:  My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	chatbot:  I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service. projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human:  Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	chatbot:  Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol Avengers.. lol	human:  lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	chatbot:  I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen? very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human:  I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	chatbot:  Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman. who plays Spiderman.	human:  Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	chatbot:  Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D Loki is the most handsome :D	human:  Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo? hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human:  Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	chatbot:  Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays? anything for the holidays?	human:  Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	chatbot:  Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays. should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human:  Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	chatbot:  I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old? Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human:  Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	chatbot:  Are you doing any home decorating then? decorating then?	human:  Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	chatbot:  I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree. I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human:  Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	chatbot:  I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh? to intelligence, huh?	human:  Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	chatbot:  I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store? one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human:  Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hey, what's up? what's up?	human:  How was the trip last weekend?	chatbot:  it was really fun. I had a great time with my family. with my family.	human:  Nice, what all places did you cover?	chatbot:  Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend? last weekend?	human:  I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	chatbot:  ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn? fund. what did you learn?	human:  True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	chatbot:  I love Italian, especially Pasta! Italian, especially Pasta!	human:  Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	chatbot:  can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :) :)	human:  Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! Hey!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you? but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human:  I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	chatbot:  Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing? super weird Who's playing?	human:  Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	chatbot:  I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played which sport they played	human:  Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	chatbot:  lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human:  Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	chatbot:  Neural Information Processing Systems Processing Systems	human:  Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	chatbot:  It's the biggest ML conference in the world ML conference in the world	human:  Oh, ML?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you? :) :)	human:  Sleepy, how are you?	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D so that was nice! :D	human:  That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	chatbot:  Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could! of mine if I could!	human:  Haha, thank you	chatbot:  You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon! I hope you feel better soon!	human:  Thanks, that means a lot	chatbot:  Of course! I'm glad I could help! glad I could help!	human:  What are you up to?	chatbot:  Talking to you! to you!	human:  What about the rest of the day?	chatbot:  Working! How about you? about you?	human:  Same, well hardly working	chatbot:  What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking? the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human:  California	chatbot:  Nice! How do you like living there? Nice! How do you like living there?	human:  It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How's it going? it going?	human:  It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	chatbot:  That's good! What are you up to? That's good! What are you up to?	human:  I'm not doing much today	chatbot:  I hope it's a good kind of not doing much! good kind of not doing much!	human:  haha, I don't know about that	chatbot:  Well, I hope it's at least fun. it's at least fun.	human:  I just need to relax	chatbot:  Relaxing is good. Relaxing is good.	human:  What are you doing?	chatbot:  I'm just hanging out and listening to music. out and listening to music.	human:  what kind of music do you like?	chatbot:  I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now. I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human:  never heard about them
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello, how are you doing today? today?	human:  I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	chatbot:  I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away? love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human:  I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	chatbot:  That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold? cold?	human:  Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	chatbot:  Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store. just to go buy eggs at the store.	human:  Oh nice! Where did you live before?	chatbot:  Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now have to shovel snow now	human:  New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	chatbot:  Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme! Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human:  Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! What's up? Hi! What's up?	human:  Not much. What are you doing?	chatbot:  Just listening to some music. You? music. You?	human:  I'm at work.	chatbot:  What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking? kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human:  I'm a programmer.	chatbot:  Oh cool! Do you like it? you like it?	human:  Yes.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How was your day? day?	human:  It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	chatbot:  Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇ better! ⁇	human:  Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	chatbot:  Oh good! Glad to hear it! hear it!	human:  Do you have a strong constitution?	chatbot:  I hope so! Why do you ask? ask?	human:  Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? you doing today?	human:  Very busy and you?	chatbot:  Busy but good. What are you busy with? Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human:  work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	chatbot:  Ah, well good luck with that! luck with that!	human:  thanks	chatbot:  You're welcome! How's your day been? welcome! How's your day been?	human:  so far so good, couple meetings and coding	chatbot:  Sounds like a productive day to me! like a productive day to me!	human:  I agree	chatbot:  So how are the meetings going? are the meetings going?	human:  going well, trying to move the projects
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing? Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	chatbot:  I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity get into doing a regular physical activity	human:  Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	chatbot:  I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human:  I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	chatbot:  Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games? are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human:  I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	chatbot:  What do you do in your free time? time?	human:  I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	chatbot:  Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy. :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human:  What's the most recent good thing you read?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi Hi	human:  Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	chatbot:  Sure, whats the scenario? scenario?	human:  My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	chatbot:  That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends. know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human:  I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	chatbot:  True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward. time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human:  AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	chatbot:  Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options. just putting some balance between the two options.	human:  People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	chatbot:  Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;) some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human:  Lol. I'm finna be single.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello Hello	human:  Do you have a favourite flower?	chatbot:  hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask? you ask?	human:  I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	chatbot:  Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about? is this research about?	human:  Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	chatbot:  Interesting! Whats your favorite flower? flower?	human:  The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	chatbot:  Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference. know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human:  Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	chatbot:  yes yes	human:  Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey sup sup	human:  not much. any plans this weekend?	chatbot:  I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called? as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human:  ziplining?	chatbot:  that's the one! have you ever tried it? tried it?	human:  i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	chatbot:  where did you do it? you do it?	human:  i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	chatbot:  no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done? no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human:  that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	chatbot:  sure. are you just going home now? sure. are you just going home now?	human:  no, i'm going to get a massage first	chatbot:  nice. what type? type?	human:  traditional kind	chatbot:  yeah I want to get one too soon yeah I want to get one too soon	human:  you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you doing? how are you doing?	human:  I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	chatbot:  ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it? That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human:  Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	chatbot:  Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving? the first time you are diving?	human:  Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey there! How are you? you?	human:  doing good. how are you today	chatbot:  I'm doing well! I'm doing well!	human:  anything good happened today?	chatbot:  Not really. Just relaxing. really. Just relaxing.	human:  where are you?	chatbot:  I'm in Arizona. Arizona.	human:  what's the weather like there rn?	chatbot:  It's really warm and dry right now. really warm and dry right now.	human:  I hear you have great bbq
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year? you experienced this past year?	human:  I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	chatbot:  I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :) the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human:  Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	chatbot:  Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme. for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human:  Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	chatbot:  We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.  no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.	human:  Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	chatbot:  I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important? if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human:  That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	chatbot:  What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things? life? Like top 5 things?	human:  1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	chatbot:   1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human:  Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi, how are you? you?	human:  I'm doing great. what are you up to?	chatbot:  I was just reading a book actually How about you? actually How about you?	human:  oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	chatbot:  I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human:  that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	chatbot:  I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently? and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human:  I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	chatbot:  What's the book about? about?	human:  it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How's it going? How's it going?	human:  Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	chatbot:  Nice! I'm doing well! well!	human:  I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	chatbot:  I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you? Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human:  I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	chatbot:  I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you? I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human:  Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	chatbot:  I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions! for the suggestions!	human:  Yeah, np!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello there! there!	human:  How's your day going?	chatbot:  I've seen better days, how about you? seen better days, how about you?	human:  I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	chatbot:  The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations? any plans for the coming vacations?	human:  I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	chatbot:  Was thinking the same, where does your family live? where does your family live?	human:  They're in New York. How about yours?	chatbot:  Mine is in India, it is a long way away. way away.	human:  Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	chatbot:  Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India? of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human:  Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How's it going? going?	human:  going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	chatbot:  Me too! What are you planning? What are you planning?	human:  still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	chatbot:  Are you a foodie? a foodie?	human:  may be	chatbot:  What's your favorite type of food? What's your favorite type of food?	human:  Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	chatbot:  Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing! It's amazing!	human:  any places for day trip that you could recommend?	chatbot:  Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself? San Francisco itself?	human:  south bay
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking! hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human:  Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	chatbot:  It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world. to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human:  Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	chatbot:  Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them. Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human:  Hehe! How long was the stay?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi! How are you doing today? How are you doing today?	human:  I'm doing great how are you??	chatbot:  I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea good. Just having some morning tea	human:  are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	chatbot:  I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you? I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human:  I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	chatbot:  I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too! a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human:  that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	chatbot:  Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you? warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human:  I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	chatbot:  Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends. with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human:  hahaha that's a great way to put it
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  How was your party last week?	chatbot:  It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human:  haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	chatbot:  *ate  *ate	human:  Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	chatbot:  So much turkey leftovers turkey leftovers	human:  did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	chatbot:  We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human:  Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
self_repeat_08	human:  Hello, Nice to meet you	chatbot:  If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be? it be?	human:  Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	chatbot:  I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human:  I love ice cream too!	chatbot:  Okay, top three flavors? Okay, top three flavors?	human:  I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	chatbot:  Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit. strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human:  Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	chatbot:  Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think? you think?	human:  I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	chatbot:  There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself I suppose? Understanding itself	human:  What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey! How are you today? Hey! How are you today?	human:  Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	chatbot:  Yes! I love that movie! love that movie!	human:  it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	chatbot:  Honestly, I love the whole movie. movie.	human:  Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	chatbot:  Really? That's awesome! What do you do? What do you do?	human:  I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	chatbot:  That's awesome! That's pretty cool. cool.	human:  yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	chatbot:  That would be the coolest. That would be the coolest.	human:  What do you want to be later on in your life?	chatbot:  I want to own my own business. to own my own business.	human:  cool! what kind?	chatbot:  An art gallery or bookstore. art gallery or bookstore.	human:  My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	chatbot:  That would be nice. I like coffee. That would be nice. I like coffee.	human:  She loves people and a place where they can get together	chatbot:  That's very sweet. What does she do? What does she do?	human:  Currently she's a real-estate agent	chatbot:  That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent? being a real estate agent?	human:  I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  How's it going? it going?	human:  I'm so sleepy today!	chatbot:  Not enough sleep last night? last night?	human:  yeah was working all night on a homework	chatbot:  Oh really? What class? class?	human:  Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	chatbot:  Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med? Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human:  no high school actually haha	chatbot:  haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice? a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human:  I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	chatbot:  Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands? Do you have steady hands?	human:  Kind of I think
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hi hi	human:  what are you up to?	chatbot:  code refactoring. you? you?	human:  me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	chatbot:  good question. I don't even know what I am doing I don't even know what I am doing	human:  haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	chatbot:  lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :) :)	human:  these are important things to do in life ;)	chatbot:  yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :) do things you have to do :)	human:  what food do you like to eat?	chatbot:  Asian food prefer spicy one one	human:  like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	chatbot:  yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food? Do you like spicy food?	human:  I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi	chatbot:  Hello! Hello!	human:  any improvements in your marathon time?	chatbot:  No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races long races	human:  I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	chatbot:  I think a triathalon would be cool think a triathalon would be cool	human:  I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	chatbot:  I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve? heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human:  It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello! How are you? :) :)	human:  Good, thanks. What about you?	chatbot:  I'm alright, thanks :) thanks :)	human:  What day is it?	chatbot:  It's Wednesday :) :)	human:  Do you have any plans for the weekend?	chatbot:  Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :) nothing too exciting :)	human:  Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	chatbot:  Nothing much, you? much, you?	human:  Working and exercising, mostly	chatbot:  Nice! What kind of work do you do? What kind of work do you do?	human:  I am an engineer at Google :D	chatbot:  That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)? cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human:  Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	chatbot:  Haha, well good for you! Haha, well good for you!	human:  Thanks! Do you work as well?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello there, nice seeing you there, nice seeing you	human:  Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	chatbot:  oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan? sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human:  Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	chatbot:  awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be? think the traffic is going to be?	human:  Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	chatbot:  Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens? resort have kitchens?	human:  Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	chatbot:  Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant. the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human:  but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	chatbot:  Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it. with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human:  Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	chatbot:  I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours? legos. What will you get for yours?	human:  Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hi there. Hi there.	human:  Tell me about yourself, System	chatbot:  I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?. song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human:  so you're 18 now?	chatbot:  Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct. Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human:  when will you be 30?	chatbot:  I have not yet set a time for it. yet set a time for it.	human:  Do you age?	chatbot:  No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age. change the year they were born not their age.	human:  interesting. and when will be your next update?	chatbot:  Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday. to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human:  which date?
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you?	human:  Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	chatbot:  ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have? did it have?	human:  watermelon	chatbot:  nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human:  I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	chatbot:  Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried? have tried?	human:  lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	chatbot:  haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream once prepared a paprika icecream	human:  that sounds pretty tasty actually	chatbot:  It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad to me messed it up really bad	human:  do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	chatbot:  As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human:  lol
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  hello hello	human:  how is the youtube video creation going?	chatbot:  going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human:  Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	chatbot:  I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human:  oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	chatbot:  I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human:  Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	chatbot:  haha thanks, do you plan any instruments? instruments?	human:  Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	chatbot:  nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord f chord	human:  yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
self_repeat_08	human:  Hi!	chatbot:  Hello. How's your week coming along? coming along?	human:  It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	chatbot:  Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress? make any progress?	human:  I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	chatbot:  Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature. flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human:  Ah, good thought, thanks!	chatbot:  Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better. into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human:  Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
